The episode opens with Finn and Fern fishing in a river together. Finn puts a gummy worm on his fish hook.
Finn says: "Squish."
Fern says: "Photosynthesize!"
Fern says: "Photosynthesize!"
Finn says: "You grabbing a snack, Fern?"
Fern says: "Yeah."
Fern says: "Water and light combine so I can make my own food."
Fern says: "In case I don't catch anything."
Finn says: "Come on, man, don't be so dow-  Hey, I got something!"
Fern says: "Hey, I got something too!"
Finn is first to reel in his catch. It is a beautiful golden fish.
Fern says: "Nice."
Fern reels in his own catch. It is an evil-looking creature which growls and snaps its jaws at him.
Fern says: "Oh, no!"
Fern says: "Oh, no!"
Fern says: "Oh, no!"
Fern throws the entire fishing rod into the river and sighs. Finn hands him his own fishing rod.
Finn says: "Pretty weird fish, huh?"
Fern says: "That's me - the dude who dinks it up, just like I dinked it up when you left Ooo."
Fern says: "I was supposed to protect it."
Fern says: "Instead, it went all crazy."
Fern says: "I didn't even help."
Fern says: "I just covered myself in root beer and danced around like a dummy."
Fern says: "I can't do anything right!"
While he is talking, flashbacks are seen to the elemental purification of Ooo.
Finn says: "Hey, stop it."
Finn says: "You need a squoze?"
Fern says: "Yes."
Finn squeezes Fern tightly.
Fern says: "I feel better."
Finn says: "Sometimes being a good dude ain't about not dinking it."
Finn says: "Learn from your dinks."
Finn says: "Like, you know my first battle with a giant?"
Fern says: "You boom-boomed in your shorts."
Fern says: "I know."
Fern says: "I have your memories."
Finn says: "Yeah, I boom-boomed."
Finn says: "The point is I learned from it, and now I'm Finn."
Finn says: "You got to learn how to be Fern."
They hear a stomping coming from the trees.
Finn says: "What's that sound?"
Fern says: "What's that sound?"
Finn says: "Oh, I bet it's a monster."
Finn says: "Let's fight this dude Fern's way."
Fern says: "Yeah."
Fern says: "Fern's way."
Sweet P emerges from the treeline, screaming.
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Fern says: "Whoa!"
Sweet P runs straight through the river, dragging the two of them underwater and then up onto the opposite bank. They both climb further up Sweet P's body, who continues wailing the whole time.
Finn says: "Okay, Fern, what do you think we should do next?"
Fern says: "Mm, sever his tendons?"
Fern says: "Before you say no, it would stop him from running."
Finn says: "We're gonna handle this librarian style."
Finn says: "Kiss."
Finn says: "You can renew the book and bring it back next week."
Fern says: "Library style."
Fern says: "Squo-o-oze."
Fern hugs Sweet P tightly. He finally calms down, stops, and takes a seat on the floor.
Sweet P says: "Mm."
Finn says: "Great thinking, Fern."
Fern says: "I just copied you."
Fern says: "Is that thinking?"
Finn says: "What up, buttercup?"
Finn says: "Why you run, pork bun?"
Sweet P says: "The monster!"
Finn says: "Was it LSP?"
Sweet P says: "The monster that whispers me bad thoughts."
A flashback is shown. Sweet P is lying in bed. An indistinct whispering can be heard. Sweet P thinks he sees a monster at the end of his bed, and sits up screaming.
Sweet P says: "Mommy and Daddy came to save me, but they said I was imagining things, which was true."
Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig enter the room, remove the coat which Sweet P mistook for a monster, and put him back to bed. The indistinct whispering continues.
Sweet P says: "But last night, I really did see it."
Something scuttles across Sweet P's roof. He screams and runs out the house. The flashback ends.
Sweet P says: "And I've been running and running since then."
Finn says: "Aww, Sweet P."
Finn says: "It sounds like you might just be having bad dreams."
Sweet P says: "No, I only have one dream anymore."
An image of the Lich is shown while the whispering continues.
Finn says: "Uhh..."
Fern says: "Uhh..."
Sweet P says: "But the whisper monster is even scarier, saying stuff like, "Sweet P, you're bad."
Sweet P says: "You always have been bad."
Sweet P says: "" I don't want to be bad."
Finn says: "Oh, you're not bad."
Finn says: "You're super good."
Finn says: "Now, let's get you home."
Fern says: "But it's getting late, and bogs are super dangerous to travel in at night."
Fern says: "Your body will be preserved for thousands of years."
Fern says: "No one will ever find you."
Finn says: "Fern!"
The sun sets. Finn is on the phone to Tree Trunks.
Finn says: "Okay, okay, we'll see you in the morning, Tree Trunks."
Finn says: "All right, bedtime, Sweet P."
Fern says: "You want me to knock him out?"
Finn says: "Er, not this time."
Finn says: "How about a bedtime story?"
Sweet P says: "Yes, please."
Finn says: "Once there was a kingdom of spaghetti."
Sweet P says: "Mmm."
The scene cuts to later in the night. Finn, Fern, and Sweet P are all asleep.
Finn says: "Punch, punch."
Finn says: "Kiss, kiss."
Mysterious voice says: "Listen to your bones."
Finn wakes up.
Finn says: "Fern."
Fern is grinding his teeth in his sleep.
Finn says: "Fern!"
Fern awakens suddenly, waving his sword in the air with a gasp, then putting it away and sitting up.
Fern says: "Hey."
Fern says: "What's up?"
Finn says: "I heard something."
Finn says: "Can you see what it is with your tree senses?"
Fern says: "I don't have those."
They hear a rustling. Finn pulls out a torch and sweeps the treeline. He spots Mr. Fox walking with some grocery bags.
Mr. Fox says: "Uh, can I help you?"
Finn says: "Oh, sorry."
Mr. Fox says: "What?"
Mr. Fox says: "You didn't hear me "scuttling around."
Mr. Fox says: "" Foxes are silent hunters."
Mr. Fox says: "I mean, geez, do you know how rude that is?"
Mr. Fox says: "Ugh."
Mr. Fox says: "Gonna be brooding about this all week."
Finn says: "Sorry, man."
Fern says: "Look."
Finn shines the torch on Sweet P. A giant yellow hand-shaped creature is standing above him, whispering indistinctly.
Finn says: "Aah!"
Finn says: "Get off him!"
Finn draws his sword and charges at the creature.
Hand creature says: "Huh?"
The creature punches Finn and tries to escape. It is pinned by Fern.
Fern says: "I got him!"
Finn says: "Oh, no."
Finn says: "I know where I've seen that thing before."
A flashback is shown to the events in Farmworld, when Finn severed the Lich's hand and caused it to be duplicated across every dimension in the Multiverse. One of the duplicates appears inside the Tree House where it falls onto BMO.
BMO says: "Huh?"
Finn and Jake teleport back from the Time Room.
BMO says: "Finn, Jake!"
Jake says: "What's shaking?"
BMO says: "You will not believe what just happened."
The flashback ends.
Finn says: "It must've been the day that BMO found that little sailor hat."
Finn says: "Hold him down, Fern!"
Finn says: "That hand is the flippin' Lich!"
Fern says: "I know."
Lich Hand says: "Yes, child."
Finn says: "Bah!"
Finn says: "Bah!"
Finn says: "Bah!"
Finn says: "Bah!"
Finn says: "Evil!"
Finn says: "You're gonna get it for messing with our boy Sweet P."
Lich Hand says: "That vessel may appear harmless, but he came from me."
Lich Hand says: "Once I remind him of his legacy, The Lich shall reign once more."
Lich Hand says: "Isn't that right, son?"
Sweet P grabs Finn from behind, his eyes glowing a radioactive green.
Finn says: "Aah!"
Fern says: "Finn!"
The Lich Hand break's out of Fern's grip and scuttles away, laughing evilly.
Fern says: "Ugh!"
Fern says: "I dinked it again!"
Sweet P is released from his trance. He lets go of Finn, who bends over panting.
Sweet P says: "Why did Mr."
Sweet P says: "Hand call me "son"?"
Sweet P says: "Was that my monster daddy?"
Finn says: "Okay, delegate, delegate - Fern, stay here and guard Sweet P."
Finn says: "I'm gonna try and catch up."
Fern says: "Don't trust me to guard anything."
Fern says: "I'm a total scrub-up."
Finn grabs Fern by the shoulders.
Finn says: "You got this!"
Fern says: "You got this."
The Lich says: "Quickly, while the boy is gone, we must seek out my Well of Power."
Sweet P says: "No!"
Sweet P says: "Am I turning into a monster?"
Fern says: "That's the working theory."
The Lich Hand arrives at the Well of Power and enters through the subway entrance. Finn is on the phone as he chases.
Finn says: "Hey man, hit me when you get this."
Finn says: "Okay, Lich."
Finn says: "Get ready to die."
Finn says: "Again."
Finn says: "For, like, the fifth time!"
Finn enters the station.
Finn says: "Oh, hey, it's this awful place."
He spots the Lich Hand scuttling across the platform.
Finn says: "Oh, you're tricky, huh?"
Finn follows the Lich Hand into a hole. He gracefully jumps from pipe to pipe, all the way to the bottom where the Well of Power lies. Indistinct whispering can be heard coming from it.
Finn says: "I can hear you down there!"
Finn says: "Speak up, man."
Finn says: "What?"
The Lich Hand rushes Finn from behind and bats him. He drops his sword and then falls into the well. He manages to grip the very edge and avoids falling all the way in. The well fills with bright green sludge.
Lich Hand says: "You've bested me in many worlds, child, but I always return."
The Lich Hand begins flicking at Finn's fingers, loosening his grip on the edge of the well.
Finn says: "You're so evil it's boring."
Finn says: "You're basic, man."
Lich Hand says: "Yes."
Lich Hand says: "While a mortal world doubts and questions, I know exactly what I am."
Lich Hand says: "I am the ceaseless wheel."
Lich Hand says: "The last scholar of GOLB."
Lich Hand says: "I am your doom."
From Finn's perspective, only the Hand's shadow can be seen, projected onto the ceiling by the green light of the well. The shadow grows and morphs as the Lich speaks, taking on his original humanoid figure. Suddenly, Sweet P's voice is heard.
Sweet P says: "Skull man!"
The Lich says: "Huh?"
Sweet P says: "I, too, am doom."
Sweet P leaps down the hole from above, smashing most of the pipes and landing with a thud at the bottom. His shadow joins that of the Lich, projected on the ceiling.
Finn says: "Hey, what's going on up there?"
The Lich says: "Child, you have failed."
The Lich says: "The vessel has turned."
The Lich says: "We reign now as twin kings of ruin."
Finn says: "Sweet P..."
Sweet P says: "I'm not a king of ruin."
The Lich says: "What?"
Sweet P says: "I am sweet."
Sweet P says: "You're just a naughty hand."
The Lich says: "Beast, obey me!"
The Lich says: "Obey- No!"
Sweet P tackles The Lich. The shadows fall out of Finn's view. He manages to regain his grip and climb up from the well, just in time to see that Sweet P has plunged Finn's sword into the Lich Hand.
Finn says: "Eesh."
With a groan, the Lich Hand bursts into a cloud of green faces like those produced by the Mushroom Bomb, which dissipate away. The liquid in the well recedes.
Sweet P says: "Hooray!"
Finn says: "You're a natural!"
Finn says: "But where's Fern?"
Sweet P says: "He wouldn't let me follow you, so I knocked him out cold."
The scene changes. Sweet P and Finn approach Fern, who is lying unconscious on the ground. He wakes up as they arrive.
Finn says: "Yeah, I met my bio-dad once too."
Finn says: "He wasn't evil incarnate, but he was kind of a crummy dude."
Finn says: "TT and Mr."
Finn says: "P love you."
Finn says: "That's all that matters."
Finn says: "Fern!"
Finn says: "Sweet P saved me and slew The Lich!"
Fern says: "That's great."
Back at the Tree House, Jake is listening to Finn's voicemail. It turns out Finn forgot to hang up.
Sweet P says: "You're just a naughty hand."
The Lich says: "Beast, obey me!"
The Lich says: "Obey- No!"
Automated voice says: "End of message."
Automated voice says: "To repeat this message, press 7."
Automated voice says: "To save..."
Jake says: "Wha..."
Jake says: "?"
The scene changes back to Finn, Fern, and Sweet P, who are walking home together.
Fern says: "I don't get it."
Fern says: "Why isn't it working out being myself?"
Fern says: "Finn's off having fun defeating losers."
Fern says: "I can't even guard a baby."
The inside of Fern's head is shown. The Grass Demon is latched to his inner self like a parasite.
Fern says: "the only Finn."
Finn says: "Uh, yeah, but that's a weird thing to call me."
Fern shapeshifts his arm to take on Finn's skin tone, and pretends to crush Finn's head between his finger and thumb.
Episode ends.