Episode starts in the Candy Hospital. Princess Bubblegum is trying to inject Starchie with a serum.
Starchie says: "Noooooo!"
Starchie says: "Get away from me, you butchers!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Starchie, you have a cold."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The cure is right here."
Starchie says: "Starchie only takes magic!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, come on."
Starchie says: "Find me a wizard!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Nurse Pound Cake, hold Starchie while I administer the serum."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Nurse Pound Cake says: "Look, I'm a nurse and all, but my uncle is a magic worker and he cured my sadness about my marriage."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Listen, all magic is scientific principles presented like mystical hoo-doo, which is fun but it's sort of irresponsible."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I got your magic right here, okay?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "And razzle dazzle!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Flooby-doo!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Zamabamafoo!"
Starchie says: "Is that a real spell?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, I'm making fun of spells."
Starchie says: "Princess, you're being really disrespectful of my beliefs!"
Nurse Pound Cake says: "That was very close-minded!"
Both begin to cry.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Starchie, I just want to help."
Sobbing continues.
Princess Bubblegum says: "All right!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You want me to go to Wizard City and get you a cold spell?"
Starchie nods.
Princess Bubblegum says: "You still think I'm a jerk?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "All right, sit tight."
Princess Bubblegum walks out to where Finn and Jake are seated and waiting.
Finn says: "How is he?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "He's still sick."
Finn and Jake groan.
Jake says: "Yo, that stinks!"
Jake says: "Tonight's part 3 of his graveyard secrets workshop."
Finn says: "Yeah, prubs, give him the mediçon."
Princess Bubblegum says: "He won't take it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "He wants me to get him a cold spell from Wizard City."
Finn says: "Oh, okay."
Jake says: "Oh, okay."
Jake says: "That makes sense."
Princess Bubblegum says: "dude, you guys!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Really?"
Jake says: "Yeah, I mean, magic's probably more natchy for your body in the long run."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Have you two been to Wizard City?"
Finn says: "Nope."
Finn says: ""Wizards only."
Jake says: "Wizards don't play."
Finn says: "Trespassers get killed mad quick, like zap-zap."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, then what?"
Finn says: "Let's stay home."
Finn says: "Just kidding."
Princess Bubblegum says: "All right, meet me outside of Wizard City in your freshest wizard johns."
Starchie says: "H-hurry, princess."
Scene changes to outside of Wizard City, which is a wall of rock. Finn and Jake are waiting for Princess Bubblegum to meet them.
Finn says: "This is it?"
Jake says: "Yeah, man, this is it."
Finn says: "Well, what's with the wall?"
Jake says: "Wo-o-o-o-o-o-o-op!"
Finn says: "What's over there?"
Jake says: "Nothing."
Jake says: "Just more mountains."
Jake says: "I think the wall knows we're not wizards."
Finn says: "But we can trick it, right?"
Jake says: "How do you trick a wall?"
Finn says: "Don't know, man."
Finn says: "I give up."
Jake says: "For reals?"
Finn says: "Yeah, I'm no good at this!"
Finn says: "Unh!"
Finn says: "Oof!"
Jake says: "That was a nice try, man."
Princess Bubblegum walks over.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Guys, hold up!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I got the password from the Ice King."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Apparently, the barrier only responds to the voice of real wizards."
Ice King says: "No way!"
Ice King says: "I'm no rat!"
Ice King says: "I am bound by the sacred trust of esoteric knowledge!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Say the password, Ice King!"
Ice King says: "You think I'll just hand you the keys to the city?"
Ice King says: "I'd rather die."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Say the password."
Ice King says: "Ow!"
Ice King says: "My pinky!"
Ice King says: "You know, no one has touched me in months."
Ice King says: "Could you touch me again?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Password!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now!!"
Ice King says: "Ow!"
Ice King says: "Ohh!"
Ice King says: "Ohh!"
Ice King says: ""Wizards Rule!"
Ice King says: "" THE PASSWORD IS WIZARDS RULE!"
Princess Bubblegum stops the tape.
Finn says: "Whoa."
Finn says: "Powerful magicks."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Pshh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's a vocal registry rigged to a vibration modulator."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The wall's still there."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's just the density's all wobbled."
Jake says: "Boo."
Finn, Jake, and Princess Bubblegum start walking inside Wizard City.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Um..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's what it is, Jake."
Jake says: "All right, what am I, then?"
Jake says: "This don't look like magic to you?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It looks like a mutation."
Jake says: "Boring."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, right."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Just 'cause I know my shnoz."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Look at these dopes."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Half of these spells are all working on entanglement principles."
Finn says: ""Entanglement" is a spell where you get trapped in tree roots, and sometimes they spike out and hook your flesh, and you got to be like, "My body is clay, my spirit feels no pain."
Finn says: "" Then you chop your way out and kill the wizard!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's not what I meant, but whatevs."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where's this magic shop?"
Finn says: "These signs are weird."
Finn says: "Let's ask somebody."
Finn says: "Hey, dudes."
Wizard Policeman says: "Stand back, citizen."
Finn says: "Yeesh."
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "Who are these guys?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "They're like the city po-po or something."
Wizard Policeman says: "Stranson Doughblow, you are guilty of impersonating a wizard, as well as purchasing magic items from Ron James' Spell Palace."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Bingo."
Stranson Doughblow says: "Wait!"
Stranson Doughblow says: "I know some coin tricks!"
Wizard Policeman says: "The sentence is..."
Stranson Doughblow says: "Woaah!"
The Wizard Policeman bends down to pick up the cane.
Finn says: "Oh, my shrah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Come on."
Finn says: "You saw that, right?"
Finn, Jake, and Princess Bubblegum walk into the Spell Palace.
Ron James says: "Welcome, brothers!"
Ron James says: "Sorry about that biz outside."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ha ha ha!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, what a silly non-magic user, right?"
Ron James stares in silence for a second.
Ron James says: "All right, bros."
Ron James says: "Ronny James got mad spells for wizards of all exps."
Ron James says: "No need for memorization, incantation, or hard-to-find bularoo."
Ron James says: "Just rip one of these babies open, and you'll be like, "ta-da!"
Ron James says: "" We got a bottle-returns program and all that shwazaa."
Ron James says: "So, wha-za?"
Jake says: "We need a spell for the cold."
Ron James says: "Heck, yeah, brah."
Ron James says: "I got something."
Ron James says: "Oof!"
Ron James says: "This baby right here—"
Ron James says: "right here?"
Ron James says: "—"
Ron James says: "This is what you want, brothers."
Princess Bubblegum says: "How's it work?"
Ron James says: "It works by magic."
Ron James says: "It's a spell."
Jake says: "Dude..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm curious."
Princess Bubblegum says: "So, what's in it?"
Ron James says: "It's my secret brew, dawg."
Princess Bubblegum says: "So you want to sell me a product with no information?"
Ron James says: "It's a cold spell."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Made from what?"
Ron James says: "MAGIC."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What's the magic made out of, ding-dong?"
Ron James says: "Y'all is fakes!"
Finn says: "No, wait!"
Ron James says: "Bam!"
Wizard Policeman says: "You're busted!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yoink!"
Finn says: "Hey, Jake?"
Jake says: "What?"
Finn says: "Is PB straight-up naked right now?"
Jake says: "Dude, don't make me feel any more awkward than I already do!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Dang!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's a dead end!"
A secret door in the wall opens up and Abracadaniel walks out, taking out the trash.
Finn says: "Abracadaniel!"
Jake says: "Abracadaniel!"
Abracadaniel says: "Huh?"
Abracadaniel says: "Do I know you?"
Finn says: "Dude, it's me, Finn!"
Finn says: "Quick, let us in!"
Abracadaniel says: "Oh, guys, I don't know, that's not my place."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Please!"
Finn says: "Come on, man!"
Jake says: "Shush!"
Finn says: "Come on, come on, come on, come on."
The door closes behind them as the Wizard Police walk towards it.
Scene changes to inside the door. Bufo, the Laser Wizard, and the Forest Wizard are making plans to sacrifice Abracadaniel.
Bufo says: "Yeah, when the lamb comes back, Laser Wizard puts him on the altar."
Forest Wizard says: "And then I extract his forehead, right, Bufo?"
Ice King says: "Ooh!"
Bufo says: "Right, yeah, that's the plan."
An elevator clanks as the wizards hide their plans.
Forest Wizard says: "What the blutt, Abracadaniel?!"
Forest Wizard says: "!"
Bufo says: "What part of "secret society" don't you understand?"
Jake says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Jake says: "We don't want trouble!"
Finn says: "Just let us rest for a bit."
Laser Wizard says: "Oh, we gonna put you to rest."
Laser Wizard says: "For good!"
Building rumbles. The Wizard Police drop from the ceiling and shoots a laser at the wizards.
Wizard Policeman says: "You are guilty of harboring non-magic users!"
Bufo says: "Barrier!"
Forest Wizard says: "We need an exit!"
Ice King inhales sharply Oh, boy.
Jake says: "That's what you get for asking a magician about his tricks, PB!"
Bufo says: "Ghosts of the warp-plane, grant us passage into your realm."
the Forest Wizard says: "Ghosts of the warp-plane, grant us passage into your realm."
the Laser Wizard says: "Ghosts of the warp-plane, grant us passage into your realm."
Abracadaniel says: "Hey, guys, wait for me!"
Finn says: "Shush!"
A wizard policemen drops from the ceiling onto the table Abracadaniel was hiding under, crushing it and Abracadaniel. The other wizard policemen take the bookshelf Ice King was projected on and where Finn, Jake, and Princess Bubblegum were hiding and throw it.
Ice King says: "Whoa!"
Wizard Policeman says: "Receive your just punishment!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "As ruler of the Candy Kingdom, I demand parley with the Grand Master Wizard!"
Scene changes to the Grand Master Wizard's palace. Inside, Finn, Jake, Princess Bubblegum, and Abracadaniel face the Grand Master Wizard. The Grand Master Wizard is sitting on a hovering bubble with a red watering can and a wizard staff with flies around it.
Grand Master Wizard says: "Princess Bubblegum!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "For shame."
Grand Master Wizard says: "And I'm very disappointed in you,  Abracadaniel!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "However, Princess, since you have always been a dear friend to the wizard community, just say "Wizards Rule" and you're all free to go."
Abracadaniel says: "Wha-?"
Abracadaniel says: "Really?"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Mmm?"
Jake says: "Psst!"
Jake says: "Wizards rule!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "All magic is science!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You just don't know what you're doing, so you call it magic!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "And, well.."
Princess Bubblegum says: ", it's.."
Princess Bubblegum says: "ridiculous."
Grand Master Wizard says: "Wizard prison!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "All of you!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Wizard prison!"
Abracadaniel says: "Nooooooo!"
Princess Bubblegum seems adamant as the others share worried looks.
Scene changes to outside Wizard. It is dark outside with foreboding clouds. The prison is a dark brown color with windows emitting red light. Spotlights circle the entire building. Finn, Jake, Princess Bubblegum, and Abracadaniel are escorted in by some Wizard Police.
Jake says: "Ridiculous, huh?"
Abracadaniel says: "This isn't happening!"
Wizrd Policeman says: "Ho!"
Abracadaniel says: "Ouch!"
Criminal 1 says: "Would you look at that?"
Criminal 2 says: "Somebody better start crying into my hand!"
A third criminal throws underwear at Finn's head.
Finn says: "Ugh!"
Finn says: "That's sick!"
Finn says: "Ugh!"
Wizard Policeman says: "Come on!"
Wizard Policeman says: "Move it!"
Wizard Policeman says: "You two, in here!"
Wizard Policeman says: "I got cells upstairs for Princess and Milkface."
Finn says: "This sucks."
Jake says: "Hey, let's count the days."
Jake says: "One."
Finn says: "Hey, PB, are you okay?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, I'm okay."
Jake says: "Sleep tight, Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Good night."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Stupid wizards..."
Abracadaniel lowers his mirror so he can glance menacingly at PB, even though she is asleep.
Scene changes to the next day. We can hear Jake scratching in another tick mark and saying Two! We see Princess Bubblegum getting food from the prison's cafeteria.
Finn says: "PB!"
Finn says: "Over here!"
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Abracadaniel says: "Bubblegum, I hereby challenge you to an honorable prison stabbing to the death!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "BRING IT ON."
Finn says: "What?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "Are you two crazy?!"
Finn says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I've had it with you silly wizards!"
A crowd gathers around the two. They start repeatedly chanting 'Fight!'. A criminal takes off his eyepatch and ties one of Abracadaniel's and Princess Bubblegum's hands to each other. They stare at each other menacingly.
Finn says: "Jake, we have to do something!"
Princess Bubblegum and Abracadaniel start circling around each other. They both swat at each other with their weapons. Abracadaniel swipes at Princess Bubblegum, but she blocks it. She takes the force of the block and swats at Abracadaniel's hair. She cuts his hairband which makes his hair fall into his face. He swats at Princess Bubblegum and rips off a tiny piece of her hair. She kicks him to the ground, which rips the knot bonding them together.
Finn says: "We need to get out of this."
Jake says: "Yeah, we still got to heal the snuffins out of Starchie with this little baby here."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Eyepatched Criminal says: "Hey, Milkface isn't dead!"
Abracadaniel says: "Strike me down and restore my honor."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!!"
Eyepatched Criminal says: "Sorry, but you have to kill him."
Eyepatched Criminal says: "Otherwise, we'll kill all of yous two both."
Finn says: "Peebs!"
Finn says: "Incoming!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Finn says: "It's a cold spell, not a cold spell."
Wizard Policeman says: "Prisoner, drop that contraband magic!"
Finn says: "Get down!"
Finn says: "Your magicks are powerful, PB."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let's get out of here."
Jake busts through the ice with a giant fist. He has a frozen Abracadaniel in his other hand as the three walk out of the prison.
Finn says: "Poor Starchie."
Finn says: "All that trouble and we couldn't get any magic for him."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmm."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I've got an idea."
Scene changes to Starchie's hospital room.
Abracadaniel rises from one side of Starchie's bed. He uses his wand to create a rainbow over his head.
Abracadaniel says: "Oooooo!"
Starchie says: "Eh?"
Starchie says: "Finally!"
Starchie says: "Healing magic."
Starchie says: "Oh, I can feel it!"
From the other side of the bed, Finn grabs Starchie from behind.
Starchie says: "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Pffrt!"
Episode ends.