The episode starts in the Wizard Battle stadium, Finn is walking through almost empty stands, singing "Wizard Battle".
Finn says: "Jake."
Jake is asleep on a seat; Finn crawls towards him.
Finn says: "Wizard Battle is starting soon!"
Finn says: "The wizards are arriving!"
The crowd cheers as the wizard walk in and kneel.
Finn says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Finn says: "Yeah!!!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Ladies and gentlemen..."
Grand Master Wizard says: "I am the Grand Master Wizard of Ceremonies."
Grand Master Wizard says: "And now, the rules."
Grand Master Wizard says: "Contestants will fight each other with spells from the eight schools of magic."
Grand Master Wizard says: "To enter Wizard Battle, you must be a wizard!"
Finn says: "Oh, what?"
Finn says: "Ice King!"
Jake says: "Boo!"
Finn says: "You're a contestant?!"
Finn says: "!"
Ice King says: "Mm-hmm."
Ice King says: "You guys come here to watch me win?"
Finn says: "Phshoo, you're gonna lose, man."
Jake says: "You're a loser."
Ice King says: "Ha!"
Ice King says: "I'm not gonna lose!"
Ice King says: "I've got a foolproof plan for winning."
The three are shadowed by a pink blimp.
Grand Master Wizard says: "And now L's and G's, witness the unveiling of this tournaments grand prize,  On the mouth!"
A small group of three Lady Wizards look displeased.
Lady Wizard #1 says: "Boooo."
Lady Wizard #1 says: "Boo."
Brain Wizard says: "Hmm."
Brain Wizard says: "Is it an open mouth kiss?"
Grand Master Wizard says: "No!"
Brain Wizard says: "Then I choose to exit the battle."
Brain Wizard begins to leave, the Lady Wizards go "Yeah".
Grand Master Wizard says: "No one is allowed to exit Wizard Battle!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "The sky barrier is in place."
Grand Master Wizard says: "All of you will kiss the princess or die in battle."
Ice King says: "Ooh, I just can't wait to taste that sweet Bubblegum."
Finn says: "Jake, we gotta enter the contest and stop Ice King."
Jake says: "But we're not wizards, man."
Jake says: "What about the sanctity and honor of Wizard Battle?"
Finn says: "I'd rather sanctify PB's lips."
Jake says: "Ooooh!"
Jake says: "You don't care about the Ice King."
Jake says: "You just wanna kiss Princess Bubblegum."
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "I wanna save the princess!"
Jake says: "Mm-hmm."
Jake says: "Yeah, you do."
Finn says: "I do!"
Jake says: "Yeah, you do."
Finn says: "Oh, shush!"
They hop into the pile of wizard stuff and come out in disguise, Jake is cover by a red cloak and has his paws out wear the arm and legs should be and Finn has his head poking out of the head hole with a green hood and a blue eye mask.
Finn says: "Now, where's the Ice King."
The wizards are warming up, Ice King is standing in a corner.
Jake says: "Over there!"
Ice King says: "Oh, yeah."
Finn says: "We need a plan, man."
Jake says: "Okay."
Jake says: "When the wizards start to battle, let's go hide behind that rock."
It is sunset, Princess Bubblegum is still posing her lips.
Grand Master Wizard says: "By the rays of the setting sun, the battle of wizards has begun!"
Grand Master Wizard shoots a magic blast into the arena and the battle floor becomes covered in dust and magic spells, Finn and Jake dodge the spells and hide behind a rock, when the dust clears the wizards are gone as the light come on in the night.
Jake says: "Looks like everyone had the same plan."
The wizards are hiding behind various objects.
Finn says: "What are they waiting for?"
Abracadaniel says: "The opposites."
Finn says: "Huh?"
A small wizard crawls out from behind rock behind Finn.
Abracadaniel says: "The wizards with opposite powers will take each other on first."
Finn says: "And are you a wizard?"
Abracadaniel says: "Yes."
Abracadaniel says: "My name is Abracadaniel."
Finn says: "Hi, Abracadaniel."
Finn says: "My name is, uh, Magic..."
Finn says: "Fist."
Jake says: "Whoa."
Jake says: "This kid looks like a wimp."
Abracadaniel says: "Who's that?"
Finn says: "He's my, uh, magic second head."
Abracadaniel says: "Well, he's right."
Abracadaniel says: "I only entered this contest 'cause I thought the prize would be money."
Abracadaniel says: "But it's just a kiss!"
Finn says: "You mean, you don't care about kissing PB?"
Abracadaniel says: "Blegh, no way."
Abracadaniel says: "If I was the winner, I would turn my face so our lips  wouldn't touch and I would push Princess away."
Abracadaniel says: "Turn and push, turn and push, turn and push..."
Abracadaniel says: "..."
Abracadaniel says: "turn and push, turn and push."
Abracadaniel says: "Well, I'm going back to my cave to wait for someone to kill me."
Abracadaniel says: "Goodbye."
Finn says: "Wait!"
Finn says: "Abracadanny, don't you worry about a thing."
Finn says: "I'm gonna protect you."
Abracadaniel says: "You will?"
Finn says: "Yeah, man."
Finn says: "Also, I have an idea for how you can help me save PB's lips."
Abracadaniel says: "Oh, okay."
The sounds of a magic battle is heard, Ice King is fighting Flame Lord Oh look, opposites are going to battle.
Ice King says: "Yeaah!"
In the battle Ice King brings out nunchucks and hits Flame Lord.
Finn says: "Cheating!"
Ice King hits Flame Lord unconscious.
Finn says: "He's using a weapon!"
Jake says: "Why isn't the Grand Master Wizard seeing this?"
The Grand Master Wizard is playing with cats.
Ice King says: "Nun-chucks vanish!"
Ice King says: "Boo yah!"
Finn says: "Now's my chance to stop him."
The rock he is hiding behind opens its eyes and rises up.
Finn says: "Huwahh?!"
Finn says: "!"
Abracadaniel says: "Rock Wizard!"
Rock Wizard says: "Arrgghh!"
Rock Wizard says: "Come to me, meteor shower!"
Rock Wizard says: "Rock Wizard compels you!"
The sky opens up and meteors fall.
Abracadaniel says: "Cantrip!"
Abracadaniel shoots a rainbow over Rock Wizard.
Rock Wizard says: "Huh?"
The rainbow disappears and the meteors fall; one lands on Abracadaniel.
Finn says: "Jake, two o' clock!"
Jake's arm smashes an incoming meteor, Abracadaniel appears behind them.
Finn says: "Okay, now to stop the  Ice Kiiing..."
Finn says: "?"
Abracadaniel says: "My body is squishy."
Abracadaniel says: "That's how I survived."
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Finn says: "That's turbo amazing!"
Ice King is screaming fighting sound, shooting magic and twirling his nun-chucks, Huntress Wizard jumps behind him, blast at him, misses and jumps away as Ice King swings his nun-chucks at her.
Finn says: "Stay close to me, Abracadaniel."
They run into the crowd of battling wizards and run into Cyclo. Abracadaniel shoots a rainbow at him and turns him pink.
Cyclo says: "What?!"
Cyclo says: "!"
Cyclo says: "You turned me pink, bro!"
Jake punches Cyclo and knocks him out and he lands on top of another knocked out wizard.
Grand Master Wizard is playing with a cat and looks at the arena again.
Grand Master Wizard says: "Three wizards remain."
Grand Master Wizard says: "Time to get real."
Grand Master Wizard says: "I wanna see some crazy wiz biz!"
The crowd starts chanting "wiz biz!".
Ice King says: "Wiz biz!"
Ice King says: "Wiz biz!"
Ice King says: "Oh, I can almost taste those sweet lips."
Ice King says: "Hey, guys."
Ice King says: "Guys?"
Ice King says: "What are you whispering?"
Ice King says: "Come on!"
Ice King says: "I gotta a surprise for yous fools."
They circle the Ice King.
Ice King says: "Yeah."
Ice King says: "That's right."
Ice King says: "Just a little closer."
Finn says: "Watch out, man."
Ice King says: "Whoo!"
Ice King swings his nun-chucks at Abracadaniel but he dodges.
Finn says: "You got this, Danny boy!"
Abracadaniel shoots a rainbow at the nun-chucks and turns them into a butterfly.
Ice King says: "My nun-chucks!"
Ice King says: "Nooo!!"
Abracadaniel says: "Yes!"
Abracadaniel says: "I did it!"
Abracadaniel says: "I really did it."
Abracadaniel says: "I'm a true wizard."
Jake gives him a thumbs up; the butterfly flies overhead.
Ice King says: "I have powers too, you butts!"
Ice King says: "Yahh!"
Ice King says: "Ice sword!"
Ice King heads towards them.
Abracadaniel says: "Abracadaniel!"
Ice King says: "Wha?"
Ice King says: "What you say?"
The crowd cheers.
Finn says: "Good job, Danny."
Finn says: "You're not a wimp anymore."
Finn says: "You should feel pretty good."
Abracadaniel says: "I do."
Abracadaniel says: "I feel real good."
Finn says: "I'm gonna forfeit now."
Finn says: "I only wanted to stop the Ice King."
Jake says: "Uh-uh."
Finn says: "I forfeit!"
Finn says: "I forfeit, everyone!"
Grand Master Wizard turns him into a cat; the crowd cheers.
Finn says: "Meow."
Jake says: "Whoa."
Grand Master Wizard says: "Abracadaniel wins!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "You are the greatest wizard in Ooo!"
Abracadaniel says: "Oh, w-w-well thank you, Grand Master Wizard."
Abracadaniel says: "I guess through this trial I have become a great wizard."
Abracadaniel says: "I, I came here with no self-esteem and no chances, a will-o-wisp of a boy, but I walk out this arena a man."
Abracadaniel says: "A confident man!"
Abracadaniel says: "Who deserves a kiss from a princess!"
Finn gasps and his Finn arms bursts out of the cat's front paws and he tears his way out of the cat, and he grabs Abracadaniel.
Finn says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!"
Finn covers his mouth; Abracadaniel gets knocked out by Finn's scream.
Grand Master Wizard says: "It appears you have knocked out Abracadaniel using the most shameful of all magic, a power shriek."
Grand Master Wizard says: "Go get ready for your kiss, champ."
In the locker room, Finn looks depressed.
Jake says: "Wow, man."
Finn says: "What?"
Jake says: "I've never heard you scream like that before."
Jake says: "You were all like, "Nooo!"
Jake says: "No one kisses her but me!"
Finn says: "Yeah, okay!"
Finn says: "I want to kiss her, alright?"
Finn says: "You got me!"
Finn says: "The big secret is out!"
Finn says: "Okay, Jake."
Finn says: "I like Princess Bubblegum!"
Finn says: "ARE YOU HAPPY, JAKE?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake has sad eyes as he lets out a tear.
Finn says: "Whoa, Jake."
Finn says: "Don't cry, man."
Finn says: "I'm not really mad at you."
Jake looks happy as he sniffles a little and wipes a tear.
Finn says: "I'm just sick of having to hide my feelings all the driz."
Finn says: "It's exhausting."
Jake says: "Then stop hiding you feelings, man!"
Jake says: "Go out there, and smooch it up!"
Finn says: "Heh heh."
Finn says: "Yeah, alright, man."
Footsteps are heard, Finn jumps back on top of Jake, Grand Master Wizard opens the locker room door.
Grand Master Wizard says: "You ready in there?"
Finn says: "Yeah, I'm coming!"
Finn walks back out into the stadium where some of the wizards are watching, Ice King is still unconscious, and Princess Bubblegum stands in front of her blimp with Banana Guards by her side; Peppermint Butler is singing "Ultimate Prize Song" when Jake trips on Rock Wizard, who pops his head out of the ground.
Finn says: "Ooh, whoa!"
Finn says: "Oh, dag."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What's going on here?"
Finn says: "Uh, Ice King was cheating his way through Wizard Battle using nun-chucks, so Jake and I faked being wizards to save you from having to kiss him and we uh,  I dishonored Wizard Battle."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, Finn,..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "you did all that for me?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "And that's for cheating."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, you know better than to ruin the sanctity of Wizard Battle."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wizards only, silly."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, everyone!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Go home!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Start getting ready for next year!"
The wizards grumbling, leave along with Princess Bubblegum.
Finn says: "Heh heh, oh, well."
Jake says: "Good job."
Jake says: "You got the kiss, man."
Finn says: "Thanks, man."
Finn says: "My face hurts a little."
Jake puts his Finn's eye mask back on Finn's face.
Jake says: "Don't worry about that, 'cause you look totally cool right now."
Finn says: "Thanks, dude."
Finn says: "Here, you try 'em."
Jake says: "Okay, am I cool now?"
Finn says: "So fly."
Ice King says: "How 'bout me?"
Ice King says: "Put me on the grid, scale of one to ten."
Ice King says: "One is "totally gross," ten is like, "Dang, Ice King."
Ice King says: "You look crazy sick."
Finn and Jake are just staring at Ice King. End of Wizard Battle.