Shadow Weaver: Maintain the connection. That's right. Stay focused.
Double Trouble: Does this usually take so long? I never require this much rehearsal. Maybe sorcery just isn't your calling .
Shadow Weaver: Do not allow them to distract you. 
Glimmer: [grunting] I did it. I mean, of course I did. It's a truth spell. Don't bother fighting it. Just tell me everything you know about the Horde's plans. 
Double Trouble: [groaning] Yes. I can resist no longer. I shall tell you the truth. The truth is...that outfit really isn't working for you. Oh, and magic isn't either. 
Glimmer: [groans] 
Double Trouble: Aw. Your little spell failed. You believed my performance, though. I can tell. It's called acting. That's the real magic here. 
Glimmer: Ugh. 
Bright Moon Guard: Adora has returned and called a meeting of the Princess Alliance. 
Glimmer: Adora's back? 
Double Trouble: Adora called a meeting? Can she do that? I thought you were the queen. 
Adora*: I guess I should be working on my Adora impression. She's clearly the leader here. Hmm. Is the hair poof high enough?
Glimmer: [groaning] 
(Theme Song)
Perfuma: That's really going to happen? To Etheria? To-- To us? 
Bow: The Heart of Etheria nearly destroyed everyone in Mara's time. And it's gotten stronger, more volatile over the centuries. If it goes off now...We have to make sure it never goes off again. 
Mermista: [groaning]
Frosta: So, how do we stop it? 
Shadow Weaver: Stop it? The real question is how do you intend to use this to your advantage? 
Adora: Uh, we're not. You saw the simulation. We have to disable it.
Shadow Weaver: And throw away such power? Perhaps the First Ones were fools for storing so much raw energy at the heart of the planet. But now that it's there...
Glimmer: What if there was a way to channel that magic ourselves?
Shadow Weaver: The princesses are powerful, but with that magic they would be unstoppable. 
Glimmer: We'd be supercharged. We could take down the Horde. 
Adora: Are you seriously considering this? You heard Bow. It's an unstable superweapon. Tampering with it is way too dangerous. 
Glimmer: Dangerous? Every day, the Horde claims more territory. We're running out of options. So I say we get Light Hope to tell us how it works, and take our power back. 
Adora: All she wants is to set the weapon off. Are you even listening to us?
Bow: Okay. Five-minute break. 

Catra: [gasps] Scorpia? [groans] 
[door opens]
Catra: Finally. What are you doing? 
Lonnie: We just got back. The Eastern Quadrant is secured. No rebel activity. 
Catra: While you were out in the field, did you see anyone? Anything else? 
Lonnie: Just lots of tired soldiers. 
Catra: Get back out there, then.
Lonnie: Catra, we already worked a double. We've been going without R and R for days now. We need sleep.  
Catra: Oh, I'm sorry, are you tired? We're all tired, but we're not going to rest until we have all of Etheria under our control. Everything is finally coming together. We're winning. So, get back out there. Problem?         
Frosta: [yawning]  
Perfuma: [grunts] 
Bow: I know we've lost a lot, but we can't-- 
Glimmer: Lost a lot? Elberon, Thaymor, Alwyn, Salineas. We've lost almost everything. This magic is the only thing that can help us save everyone.  
Perfuma: Use the scary magical energy. Don't use the scary magical energy.  
Frosta: [shouting] Maybe we should continue this in the morning? Not that I'm up past my bedtime. I don't have a bedtime. I can go to bed whenever I want.  
Mermista: Or we can just decide right now. I'll do whatever it takes to get my kingdom back. I say we use the magic.  
Perfuma: Oh, it's so dangerous. What if it goes off in the process? Oh, I don't know. Just come back to me. Use the scary magic or don't use the scary magic.  
Swift Wind: How come I still don't have a chair even though the new person does?  
Scorpia: Oh, no. I'm sitting on Emily. 
Adora: Swift Wind, is this really the time to...? 
Glimmer: Uh... 
Scorpia: Hey, everybody. How are you? Gosh, I am so sorry for popping in unannounced. I didn't wanna interrupt. You all seemed really busy, so I snuck past the guards and was just waiting for you guys to notice I was here-- 
Frosta: Horde soldier! 
Adora: For the honor of Grayskull! 
Scorpia: No. Do-- Hold on! Hold on! I don't wanna fight you.  
Perfuma: She's got a bot!  
Mermista: For Salineas! 
Scorpia: Wait! 
Frosta: You ruined Princess Prom! 
Scorpia: [gasps] [shouting] No, wait! Wat, wait, wait! No. Please! I don't wanna hurt you.  
Perfuma: I think she's telling the tru--[groaning] 
[all gasp and shout] 
Scorpia: I am so sorry. I did not mean to do that. It's instinct. It--Uh-oh. Please! I need your help to save Entrapta!         
[laughing nearby] 
Catra: Scorpia? I knew you'd come--[groans] Get it together! [hisses] 
Lonnie: Okay, no. There's no way we're working a fourth--[grunts] 
Catra: [grunts] What are they saying? 
Lonnie: What? Who? 
Catra: Don't pretend like you don't know. Are they laughing at me?  
Lonnie: Mostly people are just tired. I think if you let them sleep, everything will be fine.  
Catra: Everything isn't fine. Scorpia would be here if everything was fine. [growls] 
Lonnie: [gasps] 
Catra: [laughing] Just leave. Like everybody else. Go! Double Trouble. Are you there? Come on. Answer me! [shouts]            
Scorpia: Again, I am so sorry about the whole stinging thing.  
Perfuma: [grunts]  
Glimmer: All right, Horde soldier.  
Scorpia: Hmm? 
Glimmer: Why are you here? Heh. Are you listening to me?  
Scorpia: Wow...Yeah, but just-- Shadow Weaver. And at Bright Moon. Everything is making so much sense about why Catra's been acting the way she has. And now I left. Oh, that's gonna do a real number on her.  
Adora: Hey. Answer the question.  
Scorpia: Right. Sorry. The thing is you all seem really good at friendship.  
Perfuma: You're here to learn how to be a good friend?  
Scorpia: Yes. That's it. See, I thought I was being a good friend to Catra, but it turns out Catra wasn't being a good friend to me, and also that I have no idea what friendship is. Man, I think Entrapta's the only real friend I've ever had.  
Emily: [beeping] 
Scorpia: Oh. And Emily.  
Perfuma: [giggles] 
Mermista: [groans] Say things that make sense.  
Scorpia: Right. Okay. Entrapta wanted to warn Hordak about the whole, you know, portal weirdness thing, so Catra sent her to Beast Island, and I...I let it happen. Now I have to save her. 
Adora: [gasps] Beast Island? With the blood beetles? And the trees with razor-sharp blades instead of leaves? It's real? 
Shadow Weaver: Oh, yes. But it's much worse than that. We told you those children's stories so you wouldn't be scared.  
Scorpia: It's worse? Oh, what have I done?  
Adora: We can't leave her there.  
Bow: If we wanna safely disable the weapon, Entrapta's our best bet. She'd know more about that than anyone.   
Glimmer: Wait--  
Adora: We have to get to Beast Island right away, save Entrapta, and shut down the Heart of Etheria for good.   
Glimmer: Hold on.   
Swift Wind: I'm in.   
Glimmer: No, you're not-- What?  
Scorpia: Me, too. Obviously, I mean, I brought this to you.   
Adora: Great, then it's decided. We're going--  
Glimmer: Will everyone just stop for one second? You aren't going anywhere. You're our prisoner. And you! We need to talk about this. Now! Stop it. Stop just trying to barrel ahead with your own plans. We have to talk about this.   
Adora: What's there to talk about? Entrapta needs our help, and we need Entrapta.   
Glimmer: Adora, have you ever heard of anyone coming back from Beast Island? Do you even know where it is?  
Adora: No. But we have to try.   
Glimmer: Oh, great plan. The Horde's on our doorstep and we'll just drop everything to run off on a harebrained rescue mission.   
Bow: Glimmer, you do want to save Entrapta, right?  
Glimmer: Of course I do. We'll save her. But we need to stop the Horde first. I won't risk the whole Alliance for one princess who betrayed us.   
Bow: There's an unstable mass of magic in the middle of the planet. Everyone's at risk unless we can get Entrapta to shut it down.   
Glimmer: Entrapta has a habit of exploding everything she touches. You really wanna let her near this thing? Just go to Light Hope and ask her. If we can get some of that stored power back, we could use it to defeat the Horde and save Entrapta.   
Adora: What? No. I told you, we can't trust her. She betrayed Mara. She lied to me. She's the bad guy!  
Glimmer: The Horde are the bad guys. And you don't have to tell her everything. Just find out how it works and how to access it.   
Adora: And if it goes wrong? People could get hurt.   
Glimmer: Bow. You understand what I'm trying to say, tell her.   
Bow: No. You weren't there. We need Entrapta. We need to disable the weapon.   
Glimmer: Why can't you just trust me in this?  
Bow: Because you're wrong!  
Glimmer: You think I'm wrong? Fine. But I am still queen. And as queen I am ordering you. No one is going to Beast Island. You're not to set foot outside the castle unless I say so. End of discussion.                    
Scorpia: [gasps] Oh.   
Frosta: [grunting]  
Scorpia: [laughs] [gasps] Ha, ha. Hang--Hang on. I get to stay here?   
Frosta: This is the only other spare room we have. But don't go thinking it's a sleepover. We're guarding you.   
Perfuma: I brought snacks. Thought you might be hungry after your journey.   
Scorpia: [chuckles] Okay. What is that? Why is it green and not bar-shaped? Are you trying to poison me? And if not, why are you being so nice?   
Perfuma: It's green because it's a vegetable, silly. Do they not have those in the Horde? Oh. Well, okay, you should definitely be eating them. And we're being nice because you're our guest.   
Frosta: Prisoner. I said it's not a sleepo--  
Perfuma: I'll get pillows. Be right back. Aah!   
Frosta: [groans]  
Scorpia: Oh. Mm-mm. Blah, blah, blah.   
Emily: [beeping]  
Scorpia: Wh-- What?   
Frosta: How strong are your pincers? Can you crush things or just cut?   
Scorpia: Oh, you know, they're good for general pincing. And cutting through basically everything.   
Frosta: Really? I gotta try that. [shouts]   
Scorpia: [crying]   
Frosta: Oh. Are you--? Are you crying? Is it because I made ice pincers? I'm sorry. They're your thing. I get it.   
Scorpia: No, it's not that. The Horde always told me I was different, that I wouldn't fit in with you at all, but you're making me feel the opposite of not belonging, which I guess is belonging?   
Frosta: I used to feel that way, too. And then I met Glimmer and the others, and I realized that none of us fit in. We're all different, but that's okay.   
Scorpia: That might be the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me.   
Frosta: Well, don't get used to it. You're still our prisoner. But I've got first watch, so I'll be up, if you wanna talk more.                    
Hordak: I've taken the last of the coastal towns. What is the status in the Woods?   
Catra: Our raiding parties have crushed the villages near our current outpost. Tomorrow, we move farther inland. Everything is under control.   
Hordak: Excellent. Etheria will be ours yet.   
Catra: [sighs] [crying]                    
Bow: I've never lied to Glimmer before. I mean, it's not "lying" lying. I left a note. Three, actually. But still.   
Adora: We're doing the right thing. We can't let what happened in Mara's time ever happen again. And Glimmer's gonna be angry at us, but at least she'll be around to be angry.   
Bow: Do you think I should leave another note?   
Adora: Uh, Bow. We're kind of sneaking out here. You think you could keep it down a little?   
Bow: Sorry.  
Swift Wind: Hey, Adora! I kicked open the last barn door I could and I am ready to go!  
Adora: Swifty, you gotta keep it down.   
Frosta: What's happening?   
Bow: Uh... You're asleep? Yeah, you're asleep. This is a dream. A dream.   
Swift Wind: Yes. The flying unicorn dream. Classic.   
Frosta: I know what you're doing.   
Adora & Bow: [gasp]  
Frosta: And you better hurry.   
Adora: You're--? You're not gonna stop us?   
Frosta: I didn't join the Princess Alliance just to fight. I joined to save people. And the Horde, even after everything they did...they're people, just like us. I'll cover for you, but you have to go now. Everyone will be up soon.   
Swift Wind: [neighs]   
Adora: Should I be doing anything or...?  
Bow: Um...Not sure. Gonna be honest, I've never flown a spaceship.   
Swift Wind: I know how to fly. Just have this thing flap its wings. There's gotta be a flapping wings button.   
Bow: No, no, no!  
Adora: Wait, Swifty, dont--  
[all shouting]  
Swift Wind: Never mind, that wasn't it. Down's the opposite of the direction we want to go in!  
Bow: We know that, Swift Wind!  
Adora: [grunts] Bow! Do something!   
Bow: [groaning]   
[all shouting]   
Swift Wind: Loop-de-loops! How could you betray me?  
Darla: Administrator detected. What is your query?   
Adora: Fly ship! How to fly ship.   
Bow: Just take us back down gently!  
Darla: Acknowledged. Going in reverse.   
Bow: No, no, no!  
[all groaning]   
Adora: Stop!   
Darla: Please state navigational course.  
Bow: [shouts]   
Adora: Uh... Beast Island?   
Darla: Setting coordinates for Hazardous Materials Disposal Site. Designation, Beast Island. Coordinates set. Is any additional assistance required?   
Adora: Can you maybe fly us there?   
Darla: Affirmative. Setting autopilot.   
Bow: Wow. That was a lot easier than I thought it'd be. [retching]                    
Double Trouble: Oh, back again? You know what they say, if at first you don't succeed, try, try, try. How many times have you tried again?   
Glimmer: Tell me everything.   
Double Trouble: I--I--I can't cry on cue. Whenever a role calls for tears, the only thing that works is thinking about children falling. They're tears of laughter, but no one can tell the difference. I've never told anyone that before.  
Glimmer: Tell me the Horde's plans.   
Double Trouble: Oh, is that all? Why didn't you just say so? Catra and Hordak are worked up because Horde Prime is on his way with his armada. To conquer all of Etheria.  
Glimmer: [gaps] When?   
Double Trouble: Any day now, darling. I'd say it's curtains for your little rebellion here. But, hey, while this truth spell is still working, here's on more for you. If you're already losing to Hordak, you poor lambs don't stand a chance against Horde Prime.   
Glimmer: No. Adora! Bow! [gasps]  
Shadow Weaver: You can still stop them.   
Glimmer: Let them go. If they don't trust me, I don't trust them. Horde Prime is coming. We need to be ready for him. I'm gonna figure out how to access the magic at the Heart of Etheria, and how to use it. And I'll do it alone if I have to.   
(Credits Roll)