{At night, two moons hang in the sky over Etheria. In the forest, Adora is asleep on the ground beside Bow and Glimmer. She tosses and turns.}
Adora (mumbling in her sleep)
Shadow Weaver's disembodied voice: Adora
{Adora bolts up and looks around, then strides towards the forest.}
Adora (gasps)
{The next morning, Bow wakes up aside Glimmer.}
Bow (yawns): Good morning Glimmer.
Glimmer: Noooo. It's too early. Five more minutes.
Bow: But it's a beautiful morning.
Glimmer: Today's cancelled. Go back to bed. 
{Glimmer covers her head as Bow watches her.}
Glimmer: I can feel you staring at me. Why is it the one who snores is always the first one to fall asleep?
Bow: What? I don't snore. Adora, do I snore? Adora?
{Glimmer teleports them and they bump into Adora.}
Adora (gasps)
Glimmer: Sorry, too early to teleport.
{Adora's gaze is fixed on the forest.}
Bow: What are we looking at?
Adora: I don't know. I heard a noise in the woods last night. And I thought I saw something.
Glimmer: What? Like a bunny? Maybe a butterfly?
{She stares.}
Glimmer: Adora, did you get any sleep at all?
Adora: [gasps] Someone has to stand guard.
Glimmer: Okay, I know you're on edge because of what happened with Entrapta's infected robots, but it's all over now. You've got to relax. You need a vacation. Which is why we're going to Mystacor.
Bow (gasps): Mystacor? No way.
Adora: Wait, what's Mystacor?
Glimmer: It's a secret floating kingdom that's home to all of Etheria's sorcerers. It's got tranquil gardens, and beautiful beaches and healing springs. And my aunt Castaspella just happens to be the head sorceress there.
Bow: You'll love it Adora. Plus you won't have to worry about evil things in the woods. Mystacor is protected by an invisibility spell, so evil can't find it.
Glimmer: It's the safest and most peaceful place in all of Etheria. We'll have you relaxing in no time.
Adora: You know I've never relaxed in my life, right?
Bow: Well, we're here to change that. Just wait.
{A shadowy figure with one red eye slithers out from behind a bush and follows them.}
Shadow Spy (hisses)
(theme song plays)
- scene changes to the Fright Zone
{Shadow Weaver presses her hands on a glowing red gem. Catra appears behind her.}
Catra: Shadow Weaver, you wanted to see me?
Shadow Weaver: Ah. Force Captain. How kind of you to join me.
Catra: What's up with you? You're being spookier than usual.
Shadow Weaver: My shadow spies have found Adora. She's on her way to Mystacor with her new friends. Mystacor. This is going to be too easy.
Catra (groans): Another Adora mission. Fine. When do I leave?
Shadow Weaver: The only place you're headed is outside my door to stand guard. I'm going to use my magic to go after Adora myself. You will see that I am not disturbed. Clearly, no one else can be trusted to bring her back to the Horde, least of all you. Now go. 
{Catra scowls.}
Shadow Weaver: I said, go!
Catra (gasps)
{Catra scurries off, and peers back into Shadow Weaver's room. Shadow Weaver's arms crackle with electricity.}
Shadow Weaver: From the farthest reaches of Etheria, I command you, be as one!
{A red diamond shape circles in a cauldron and a dark figure rises up to the ceiling. Catra gapes and Shadow Weaver turns and slams the door shut.}
Shadow Spy (screeches)
- scene switches to Bow, Glimmer and Adora
{Meanwhile, Bow, Glimmer and Adora hike to the edge of a cliff.}
Glimmer: We're here!
Adora: We're on a cliff, overlooking a thousand foot drop.
Glimmer: Yes we are, but not for long.
Glimmer and Bow: Woo-hoo!
Adora: Uh, guys?
{Bow and Glimmer leap onto another mountain.}
Bow: C'mon Adora, jump!
Adora (grunts then gasps)
{The shadow follows. Adora spies the shadow and falls.}
Bow: Oh, ouch. You okay?
Adora: I'm fine. I thought I saw-- (sighs) I'm just stressed.
Glimmer: Hang in there Adora. Next stop, Mystacor.
{The three friends ride forward on the mountain. Adora looks back as the shadow snakes around the rock behind them. Soon after, they reach a castle perched on top of a steep cliff.}
Glimmer: (laughing)
Bow: We rode a flying mountain through clouds. It never gets old.
{Adora glances behind her.}
Adora: Uh, sure, yea, heh. It was great.
Glimmer: Just so you know, my aunt Casta can be a lot. But don't worry, I know how to handle her.
Castaspella: Is that my Glimmer?
Glimmer: Hi, Aunt Casta.
Castaspella: It's been so long since you've come to visit. And Bow. 
{She hugs him.}
Castaspella: And who's this?
Glimmer: This is my friend Adora. She's sometimes and 8 foot tall warrior woman named She-Ra. So, don't get freaked out when it happens.
Adora: Hi.
Castaspella: Adora. How nice Glimmer has started making some new friends. We were all so pleased when she started bringing Bow around. I was sure she had made him up at first. (laughs) Oh, you've done something to your hair.
Glimmer: What? Yes, I cut it.
Castaspella: I can see that. I also see you're not wearing the sweater I knitted for you. Don't you like it?
Glimmer: Sure, I like it. It's great. It's just... it's a little warm for sweaters right now.
Castaspella: But you'd tell me if you didn't like it?
Glimmer: Yes, I'd tell you.
Bow: I'm wearing the socks you sent me.
Castaspella: Well, I've always been fond of this one. So, what brings you all the way out here to visit your aunt? Is it once in a blue moon already? (laughs)
Glimmer: We're on a diplomatic mission, Auntie. I'm rebuilding the Princess Alliance and...
Castaspella: My goodness, you must be starving. I'll have a feast prepared. I'm sure your mother hasn't been feeding you.
{They approach the castle and Adora's eyes widen.}
(people laughing, magic whooshing)
Adora: Wow.
{Villagers wield glowing wands.}
Castaspella: You've come at the perfect time, there's an eclipse this evening. I'm headed right now to inspect the lunarium for the ceremony. And nothing would make me happier than to give my favorite niece and her friends a tour.
Glimmer: Uh, Bow and I have had the tour before. And we don't want to get in your way.
Bow: It's all right Glimmer. Adora hasn't seen it. It'll be fun.
{Glimmer frowns.}
Castaspella: Oh, well, I guess it's up to Adora then. What do you say my dear?
Adora: Uh...sure?
Castaspella: Oh, I like her.
- Scene switches to the lunarium
{Soon after, they enter a room with a glass ceiling.}
Adora: Wow.
Castaspella: The lunar lenses. We use them in the monthly ceremonies to renew Mystacor's magic defenses and keep us shielded from the outside world. You will be coming to the Eclipse Ceremony tonight, won't you?
Glimmer: Aunt Casta, I've seen the ceremony dozens of times. And we're all really tired from travelling. Maybe we'll skip it this time?
Castaspella: Nonsense. You're friend Adora hasn't seen it, and it's quite a sight to behold for a newcomer. Besides, don't you want to spend more time with your aunt?
Glimmer: Of course. But we also really wanted to show Adora the beach.
Castaspella: Well, if the beach is the only reason you're here, I really shouldn't keep you, should I? I certainly don't want to waste your time.
{Adora spots a shadow.}
Glimmer: Auntie, I didn't mean it that way.
Adora (gasps)
Shadow Spy (hisses)
Bow: Adora?
{Adora runs off.}
Castaspella: Well, someone is enthusiastic.
{She scans the hallway and the others join her.}
Castaspella: Ah, yes. The hall of sorcerers. These are the Great Ones that led Mystacor through the ages. This is my Micah, my brother. We trained in these very walls together. Glimmer looks just like him you know.
Glimmer: He had a beard.
Adora: Wait, Glimmer's dad was your brother?
Bow: Adora, do you know what aunt means?
Adora: No. I was just hoping somebody would eventually explain.
Glimmer: Auntie, we're going to avenge my dad and make sure the Horde never hurts anyone else. Mom believes in us, and in She-Ra.
Castaspella: Well, if your mother believes, who am I not to? She's an angelic being after all, and I'm just a common sorceress.
Glimmer: Ugh. Please, not this again.
Castaspella: She never writes to me you know. I send letters, but do I ever get a reply?
{Adora eyes a veiled statue.}
Adora: What happened to her?
Castaspella: Light Spinner. A scar on Mystacor's past. She sought power and control above all else, and she was cast out. Although, some say she never really left. That she's only biding her time, waiting to exact her revenge. But those are only children's tales, of course. Anyway, on with the tour. Are you hungry? I've had the dinning room redone since the last time you were here, Glimmer.
{Adora studies Light Spinner and a shadow runs up the opposite wall.}
Shadow Spy (hisses)
Adora (gasps)
Glimmer: Okay. Aunt Casta's gone to fix us a big dinner and now it's finally beach time!
{Adora has her fists cocked.}
Bow: You okay?
Glimmer: It's worse than we thought. You need warm sand and calming waves, stat.
{Glimmer and Bow lead Adora out, as a shadow figure rises up behind them, then vanishes.}
Shadow Spy (hisses)
- scene switches to the Fright Zone
Shadow Weaver: It's time for something more.
{Shadow Weaver appears in the palace.}
Shadow Spy (hisses)
- scene switches to the halls of Mystacor
Shadow Spy (hisses)
- scene switches to Mystacor's beach
{Soon after, Glimmer and Bow spread towels on the beach.}
Adora: So, we just, like, lie here?
Glimmer: Absolutely. Letting your cares melt away. Didn't you do something like this to relax in the Horde?
Adora: Uh, no. We hit things.
Glimmer: Well, this is so much better. Right Bow?
Bow (snoring)
Glimmer: Just try it, okay?
Adora (sighs): Okay.
{Adora lies on her blanket. Her eyes dart around as pink and purple clouds pass overhead.}
Adora (mimics shooting noises)
Adora: Boop.
{She grits her teeth.}
Adora (grunts, sighs): Okay.
Adora (mimics bird noises)
{Adora squeezes her eyes shut and Glimmer frowns.}
Glimmer: This isn't working for you, is it?
Adora: No. Can I move now?
Glimmer: Yes. 
{Adora sits up.}
Glimmer: Clearly we're going to have to take this relaxation thing to the next level. Bow, wake up. (claps hands)
Bow: What?
Glimmer: Come on. We need to show Adora the steam grotto.
Bow: Whoo! Steam grotto.
- scene switches to the steam grotto
{The grotto is filled with crystal-blue pools.}
Adora: Wow.
Bow: Right?
{Bow and Glimmer strip off their robes to reveal bathing suits.}
Bow: Ah. Ooh. Ah.
{Bow eases himself into a steaming pool.}
Glimmer: These pools are full of magical healing minerals. The sorcerers use them to cleanse themselves of worry and fear before big ceremonies or spells. Now, just clear your mind. Breathe deeply. Focus on the warmth on your skin. Let your body go perfectly...
{Adora closes her eyes. Glimmer sleeps, and black smoke envelopes them.}
all (snoring)
Adora: Ah.
Shadow Weaver's disembodied voice: Adora.
Adora (shouting)
{Adora leaps out of the pool and grips the sword. She turns to face the shadow.}
Glimmer (shouting)
Adora: No, no, no, no, no! Help!
Glimmer: Adora!
Adora: Shadow Weaver's here. I saw her!
Bow: Adora, there's no one else here. You brought your sword in here? Are you ok? What happened?
Adora: Shadow Weaver was here. In the grotto. And she was in in the sorcerers hall too. I saw her shadow on the floor.
Glimmer: What are you talking about? Who is Shadow Weaver?
Adora: Shadow Weaver raised me in the Horde. She taught me how to read and tie my boots and how to subvert the enemy and be victorious in battle.
Glimmer: OK. Sure, mom stuff.
Adora: No, commanding officer stuff...and mom stuff.
Glimmer: Adora, she isn't here. She was never here. It's not possible.
Adora: But you don't know what she's capable of.
Bow: Sounds like this Shadow Weaver really did a number on you growing up. But you're okay now. You got away from her. Do you wanna try something else? We could get massages, or find you something to hit, if that would work better.
Adora: No. It's okay. I'm okay. I think I need to be alone. Clear my head.
Glimmer: You sure?
Adora: Yea.
{Glimmer and Bow walk away. They glance back and Adora has her head in her hands. They leave.}
Glimmer (whispering): Adora has finally lost it. Did you see her in there? I think she's going nuts.
{Adora overhears.}
Adora: I'm not crazy. I'm, I'm not crazy.
{She runs outside and her friends are gone.}
- scene switches to the Hall of Sorcerers
{Adora studies Light Spinner.}
Adora: You're just a stupid statue. Pull it together Adora, there's no way Shadow Weaver can be here.
{A Shadow Spy knocks her over.}
Shadow Spy (growls)
Adora (shouts): For the honor of Grayskull!
{She raises her sword in the air and morphs into She-Ra.}
Catra's voice: Hey, Adora.
She-Ra: Catra, where are you? How did you find me here?
{She looks around.}
Catra's voice (laughing): Nope. Getting colder.
She-Ra: Whatever you're doing, I won't let you get away with it. Did Shadow Weaver send you?
Catra's voice: What do you think? Shadow Weaver controls us both. She always has.
She-Ra: Catra, wait.
{She-Ra runs down the hall and enters the domed room.}
Catra's voice (laughs)
She-Ra: Catra?
Hordak's voice (laughing): The Horde had high hopes for you, Force Captain. Disappointing. Does the Rebellion truly think you can save them? Nothing can stop the Horde, least of all you.
She-Ra: Show yourself.
Hordak's voice: You will lead them all, every Etherian, to their complete and utter annihilation. Nothing will be left of Bright Moon but smoking ruins. Your new friends buried beneath.
{She swings her sword at Hordak and smashes the mirrors.}
She-Ra (yells) [Sword of Protection blasts, lunar crystals shatter]
{Castaspella runs in. She picks up pieces.}
Castaspella (gasps): What have you done?
She-Ra: Uh,sorry. I didn't mean... I thought I just saw...
Glimmer: Adora!
Castaspella: Your friend has destroyed a thousand years worth of sacred writings. She could have destroyed the lenses that protect Mystacor.
Bow: She didn't mean to. Adora would never...
Castaspella: This is the kind of person you hang around with?
Glimmer: Auntie, wait.
Adora: Glimmer.
Glimmer: It's okay, I'll handle her.
Bow: The Horde isn't here, Adora. You need to sleep. Promise me you'll try.
Adora: Okay, I'll try.
{Adora leaves with Bow and the Shadow Spy follows. }
Shadow Spy (hisses)
- scene changes to Adora's room in Mystacor
{Adora lies in bed. She looks out the skylight at the moons of Etheria. Then she leans over on her side.}
Adora: Glimmer. Look, I'm really sorry about--
Glimmer: Save it, Adora. How could you do this? I thought you were supposed to be our friend.
Adora: I am your friend.
Glimmer: You've ruined everything I've worked for. What kind of a friend does that?
Adora: Glimmer.
Glimmer: You know what? Maybe you should just go.
{Glimmer leaves. Adora hangs her head. In the hall, Glimmer morphs into a Shadow Spy.} 
- scene changes to the Lunarium
(magic spells thrum)
{Castaspella draws a shape in the air. Bow and Glimmer watch.}
Glimmer: Is Adora coming?
Bow: I didn't want to wake her up. She needs to sleep.
{Castaspella looks up as the moon passes over the sky. Beams of light shine down on the gems of Lunarium. A Shadow Spy appears and Castaspella startles.}
(lunar lenses thrum)
(Shadow Spy erupts)
Castaspella (gasps)
{The gems cloud over and the room darkens. Castaspella uses her arms to hold off the darkness as shadows fill the room. Bow and Glimmer gape. A Shadow Spy rises up.}
all (gasp)
Shadow Spy (hisses)
- scene changes to the grounds outside of Mystacor
{Meanwhile, Adora walks away from Mystacor. The sky darkens and she turns around.}
citizens of Mystacor (screaming)
Bow: Adora, come on, we have to get out of here now.
Adora: What's happening?
Bow: The protection spell is failing. We need to go!
Adora: Wait, stop. What do you mean failing? Where's Glimmer?
Bow: Everything that's about to happen is your fault, Adora. You're to blame.
{Bow is a Shadow Spy. Adora turns and runs back inside. She finds Castaspella, Bow, and Glimmer sprawled lifeless on the floor. Shadow Weaver faces her.}
Shadow Spy Bow (hisses)
- scene changes to the Lunarium
Bow, Glimmer, Castaspella, unnamed sorcerers (groaning)
Shadow Weaver: Adora.
Adora: Shadow Weaver!
{She traps Adora.}
Shadow Weaver: The eclipse is nearly over Adora. When it is, the shield will be down. The Horde will conquer Mystacor and bring you home to me.
{The shadows surround her.}
Adora: No, I'll stop you.
Shadow Weaver: Why? To help these people? Who are they to you? They don't understand you. Just as they did not understand me when I walked among them as Light Spinner.
Adora: What?
Shadow Weaver: They feared my dark power. They'll never accept you. Not like I do.
Adora: No, no! You're wrong. For the honor of Grayskull!
{The blue gem on her sword flickers.}
Sword of Protection (blinks weakly)
Shadow Weaver: You know deep down what I say is true. You are the ambitious, cutthroat, ruthless warrior I raised you to be.
Adora: No.
{She drops the sword and falls to her knees.}
Shadow Weaver: The Princesses don't care about you. They want to use you for your strength. Return now to the Fright Zone. Rule by my side.
{Adora glares and breaks free.}
Adora: These are my friends. They've been kind to me. Something you never were.
Shadow Weaver: I prepared you for greatness!
Adora: But you never loved me. You just played twisted mind games. I'm none of the things you say I am. I'm not like you. You are bitter and cruel, and you're the one who used me! This is who I am. You hurt my friends, so now you're gonna pay!
Shadow Weaver (evil laugh): It's too late. The eclipse will be over in moments. Mystacor will fall and it will be your fault.
Adora (grunts)
{Adora grabs her sword.}
Sword of Protections (thrums, transforms into a shield and blasts Shadow Weaver with a beam of light.)
{Adora looks up at the skylight. She runs and begins climbing up the wall.}
Shadow Weaver (yells)
Adora: Huh?
Shadow Weaver: I can give you Etheria. We can rule together. You were nothing before I took you in, Adora. And you will be nothing without me! You're weak!
Adora (grunts)
{She whacks Shadow Weaver with her shield, then faces her.}
Shadow Weaver: Adora, enough of this. Come home.
{Adora knits her brows. She holds her shield to the skylight.}
moonlight (thrums)
Adora: I'm not going back. You have no power over me anymore.
{A beam of light floods the room.}
moonlight (thrums louder)
Shadow Weaver: No!
lunarium (pulses)
{Shadow Weaver is knocked backwards. The gem on her headband fades. Castaspella, Bow, and Glimmer wake as circles of light cover the floor and spread up to the ceiling. Mystacor is shielded in a glowing forcefield.}
all (exclaiming)
Glimmer: Adora, are you okay?
Adora: I'm okay. Yeah, I think I'm finally okay. She's gone.
Bow: I'm so sorry we didn't believe you! We've been bad friends.
Adora: No! You're not. This is what Shadow Weaver does. She manipulates people, she pushes them apart. But it's never going to work on me again. I'm sorry, it's my fault she was here. I endangered Mystacor.
Castaspella: Nonsense, you saved Mystacor. Glimmer has chosen her friends well. I'll knit you a sweater. What size are you in the shoulders?
{The friends embrace.}
Adora: I'm like, really tired.
- scene switches to the beach on Mystacor
{Later, pink waves lap the shore on the beach. Adora wakes on her beach blanket.}
Adora: Glimmer?
Glimmer: Right here, Adora.
{Glimmer strokes Adora's head and Adora smiles and closes her eyes.}
- scene switches to the Fright Zone
{Catra looks into Shadow Weaver's room.}
Catra: Hello? Shadow Weaver?
{Shadow Weaver is lifeless on the floor and Catra smirks.}
Catra:  (laughs) You've been going about this the wrong way, old woman. If you wanna take down Adora, you have to go for the heart.
{Catra gazes at an image of Bow.}
(Credits Roll)