Scene opens in Bright Moon's council chamber
Glimmer teleports Bow and Huntara into the room
Mermista (shouts) as her chair tips over
Glimmer: Oh, you're already here. Perfect.
Mermista: Yeah. Where have you been? Is this some new She-Ra form?
Glimmer: No. this is Huntara. She's the leader of the Crimson Waste. Or was. We don't have time to get into it. We need to get to the Fright Zone.
Queen Angella: The world doesn't stop just because you aren't here. We have been planning our attack on the Horde.
Bow: Ohh. That's a relief, because Catra kidnapped Adora.
All (gasp)
Queen Angella: The Horde has Adora?
Glimmer: Which also means they can open a portal because they have her sword.
Queen Angella: What? I don't understand.
Glimmer: There's no time to waste.
Queen Angella: Glimmer, slow down.
Glimmer: We need to go to the Fright Zone now.
Queen Angella: We? You are not going anywhere until you explain. Glimmer, outside. Now.
Theme song plays
Hordak's sanctum
Hordak (grunts)
Entrapta: This suit may be my best work yet.
Hordak's suit (glitches, zaps)
Hordak (shouts)
Entrapta: No reason to get in a tizzy.
Hordak: I have never been in a tizzy.
Entrapta: you can't expect everything to work perfectly overnight. Like our machine. We still haven't figured out the missing piece that'll let us cut through the planetary interference. If we try now, the portal might not be stable long enough to get anyone through.
Hordak (sighs): We only need to open a portal for a short time. Long enough to send a signal through to Horde Prime. Once he receives it, he should have not trouble opening a portal form his side.
Entrapta: And then you'll have to go with them. But there's still so much date we could collect. What's the rush? We'll just keep working on it until it's perfect.
Doors open
Adora (muffled grunts)
Entrapta (gasps)
electronics in the lab (crackle)
Catra: What? Heh. Didn't expect to see me again?
Entrapta: Oh, you have a whip now?
Catra: Focus. I got what you needed. This sword is the key to the whole planet.
Entrapta: I suppose it makes sense. She-Ra's sword is First Ones tech, maybe the most powerful I've ever seen. All this time, this was the key that we needed. I guess I should figure out how it works.
Catra (snaps fingers): I brought you everything you need to open a portal and finish the Princesses off for good. What are we waiting for?
Hordak: Hmmm.
Scene switches back to Bright Moon
Glimmer: We're wasting too much time. We need to act. The Horde has Adora and the Sword.
Queen Angella: And then what? How are you going to get in? You have no plan. We are not rushing in. I won't lose anyone else.
Glimmer: Before I started “rushing in” the Rebellion hadn't made a move in years. You need me.
Queen Angella: I need you to be a leader, and that means not running off whenever you feel like it.
Glimmer: What's the point? You'll always be around, telling me what I can't do.
Queen Angela: You never listen. I try and try to reach you, to trust you.
Glimmer (laughs): You wanna talk about trust? How come you never told me that Shadow Weaver was Dad's old teacher?
Queen Angella: I... It was a long time ago.
Glimmer: You know what? We should be talking to her. She knows the Horde.
Queen Angella: She can't be trusted.
Glimmer: We have to do something. You would see that if you weren't totally paralyzed by fear.
Queen Angella: I am you queen, and I say we cannot afford to lose anyone else. Either come up with a reasonable plan, Commander Glimmer, or stay out of the way.
Glimmer (sighs)
Mermista (whistles)
Bow: Uh...
scene switches to Hordak's sanctum
Entrapta: With the sword connected to the portal machine, we should finally be able to bypass the planetary interference. I just have no idea how it works. Heh.
Adora (shouting through gag)
Hordak: Must she be here?
Entrapta: Good question. I'm not sure if we just need the sword or of we need She-Ra, too. Adora, you wouldn't happen to know, would you? [removes the gag]
Adora: No. Even if I did, I wouldn't tell the Horde.
Entrapta: That's okay. [replaces gag] I like figuring stuff out.
Adora [spits out gag]: Please, Entrapta, you don't wanna do this.
Hordak: Silence! Entrapta, begin.
Adora: You. You took me away from my family when I was a baby. You lied to me my whole life, about the Princesses, about Etheria, about who I am.
Hordak: I could not have lied to you about who you are. Because I have never known nor cared about someone as inconsequential as you.
Adora (shouts): You should care, because I'm the one who's gonna make sure you fail.
Hordak: I will not fail. You have no power to stop me. I am opening that portal. And I am going to use your own sword to wipe out the rest of you pathetic Rebellion once and for –
Hordak's suit (glitches, sparks)
Hordak(grunts)
Entrapta: Oh.
Hordak: Get it to work.
Sword of Protection (hums) then flies to the portal machine (buzzing)
Entrapta: Woah. Wow.
Scene switches to Bright Moon
Bow: This is a bad idea.
Glimmer: It's a great idea. Okay, it's terrible. But what choice do we have?
Bow: I wanna help as much as you do, but Shadow Weaver?
Glimmer: Adora needs us now. And Shadow Weaver would know all about the Fright Zone's weak points. Lets at least talk to her.
Bow (shouts)
Glimmer and Bow teleport
Shadow Weaver: Princess. It's about time.
Glimmer: You knew we were coming?
Shadow Weaver: Him, I had no idea about. But you... You are smart, you want to stop the Horde, and you know I'm the only one who can help you do that. I must admit, I thought it would take you longer to speak with me.
Glimmer: Catra kidnapped Adora in the Crimson Waste. We need to get her back, before the horde uses her and her sword to open a portal.
Shadow Weaver: His machine is complete? And they have Adora? We must hurry. If Hordak has the opportunity to open a portal, he will do so immediately. The Alliance will never get there in time – but perhaps...
Glimmer: What? What is it?
Shadow Weaver: Let me out and I can help you teleport right into the heart of the Fright Zone.
Glimmer (laughs): Me? I couldn't even get to the edge of the Fright Zone without running out of power. I'm nowhere near strong enough.
Shadow Weaver: But I can make you stronger. I'm still the only sorceress who has ever been able to tap into a runestone. If you allow me to access your connection to the Moonstone, I can enhance your powers. You could teleport us all the way there.
Bow: Uh, us?
Shadow Weaver: I suppose you could come. We'll teleport directly into Hordak's sanctum, disable the portal machine, and find Adora.
Glimmer: You can really make me that powerful?
Shadow Weaver: You think of yourself only as a Princess, but you're the child of a great sorcerer. You have a more powerful connection to magic than you've ever realized. Let me show you.
Bow: You just wanna use Glimmer's power to escape.
Shadow Weaver: I want to destroy Hordak. We must strike now. Hordak can't be allowed to open a portal. We'll never have another opportunity. You know that.
Glimmer takes down the magic wall with a sparkle fist.
Bow (groans)
scene switches to the Fright Zone
Horned Goon Girl: Hey, would you look at this?
Scorpia: You can't take that.
Horned Goon Girl: Ha, ha. Let's make this thing official.
Scorpia: It doesn't even fit.
Horned Goon Girl: Not bad. You look good in a uniform.
(whip cracks against lockers)
Scorpia: Catra. Catra, there you are. Uhh, I have been looking everywhere for you.
Catra: Yeah, well, I've kinda had my hands full. Any minute now, Hordak's going to open a portal and I'll be the reason the Horde defeats the Princesses. But hey, I couldn't have done any of it without you. Thanks.
Horned Goon Girl (laughs)
scene switches to Hordak's sanctum
Entrapta: You're right. Just look away. Ohh, I can't. What's taking Hordak so long?
Adora: Entrapta... we never meant to leave you behind. We thought you were dead.
Entrapta: But Catra said you abandoned me.
Adora: Catra would say anything that helps her get what she wants.
Entrapta: Catra is my friend. I think. Yes, the data says she is.
Adora: Look, I understand. Catra was my friend, too. But she makes bad decisions. This is one of them. The Horde's armies will come through, and then it's all over for Etheria. You can't open a portal.
Entrapta: Oh, but I can. Did you miss the whole sword makes the portal machine work thing? I really don't have time to explain it.
Adora: It's too dangerous.
Entrapta: All exploration has an element of danger. But think of what we could find. Whole worlds, galaxies, things we can't even imagine.
Adora: Entrapta, please listen. It isn't going to work. The last She-Ra made it so we could never open another portal. Trying could destroy everything.
Entrapta: I have noticed some anomalies in my portal trials. They could potentially pose a problem. Maybe I should run more tests. You won't try to escape if I just pop out for a quick sec, will you?
Adora: Uh... No?
Entrapta: Okay, great, really appreciate it. Come on, Emily.
Scene switches to the Moonstone
Mermista: What do you think you're doing?
Glimmer: Please, don't try to stop us. This is the only way to save Adora.
Perfuma: We're not trying to stop you. We wanna come with you.
Mermista: Look, we could do the whole “You can't come with us, it's too risky” thing.
Frosta: Or you could just accept that we're coming. Because we are.
Shadow Weaver (sighs): A larger group will be a disadvantage. I won't –
Mermista: You will. We're calling the shots here. You're gonna have to make that thing bigger, weird scary lady.
Scene switches to Glimmer's room
Queen Angella: Glimmer?
Scene switches to the Moonstone
Shadow Weaver: Quickly now.
Scene switches to the prison
Queen Angella (gasps, zooms through Bright Moon castle)
scene switches to the Moonstone
Shadow Weaver's magic (buzzes)
Glimmer (grunts)
Queen Angella: No! (shouts, gasps)
Scene switches to the Fright Zone
Glimmer: We did it. I did it. Oh, that was amazing.
Bow: Hmm, kind of figured Hordak's sanctum would be way scarier and to so empty.
Mermista: Yeah, no, decorating is not their strongest suit.
Shadow Weaver: We aimed for Hordak's sanctum, but obviously we missed. We're not far. Stay behind me. And try to be quiet.
Door slams open
Four Armed Lizard Girl (drops cup)
Shadow Weaver: We have to go.
Perfuma: I'll hold her off.
Four Armed Lizard Girl (screeches)
Perfuma (shouts)
Rogelio (growls)
Lonnie (triggers alarm)
Mermista: My turn. I didn't almost drown in these sewers for nothing.
Frosta: I want in.
Ice shards (thud)
Troops (marching)
Mermista: We'll keep them busy. Go.
Catra: Lonnie, why did you pull –? Shadow Weaver?
Shadow Weaver's magic (hums)
Glimmer (grunts)
Catra: I heard you were with the enemy, but are you actually holding hands with a Princess right now?
Shadow Weaver: There's no sense in trying to fight us. You don't stand a chance. Join us, or stand aside.
Catra (cracks her whip) : Ahh!
Bow (fires arrows) (grunts)
Glimmer: Bow!
Shadow Weaver: Don't lose your focus. Concentrate.
Glimmer teleports Shadow Weaver multiple times, Catra cracks whip.
Glimmer (shouts)
Shadow Weaver's magic crackles down Catra's whip.
Catra (shouts)
Shadow Weaver: Catra, there's no need for us to be enemies. I can help you. I can offer you a way out.
Catra: So, what? You're on the side of good now? You made me this way, and you get to be the good guy? (shouts) Do you know what happened to me after you escaped? Do you even care? You couldn't wait for to get away from here, from me. But you came back for Adora.
Shadow Weaver: I came back to stop Hordak. I will make sure he's destroyed. Don't make me destroy you too.
Catra: Oh, I'm going to make sure we win. We're going to open that portal, and then there will be nothing left of you or the Princesses. (shouts, moans)
Bow: Stop it. You're taking too much.
Horned Goon Girl: No. You can't fight them, they're too strong.
Scene switches to Entrapta's workshop
Scorpia: Ah, boy, I really appreciate you letting me assist you. I miss hanging out. Yeah, you've been so busy with Hordak lately and Catra – I mean, she's got her new friends.
Entrapta's computer beeps
Entrapta: Oh, this is not good.
Scorpia: Oh, you want me to go, too? I understand. I'm probably in your way. I'll just –
Entrapta: No, no that. I've been running diagnostics on the portal. Watch.
(exploding noises) from computer
Scorpia: You are right. That is not good. Is that gonna happen? I mean, to the actual planet?
Entrapta: This is just an illustration. What will actually happen will be much worse. If my numbers are right, and they are, if we open a portal, the anomalies will be catastrophic. It'll unhinge time and space, creating a warped reality that will collapse in on itself, erasing us from existence. I never thought I'd say this, but we can't go through with it.
Door clangs open
Scorpia (gasps): Catra.
Catra (hits Scorpia): Why aren't you in Hordak's lab?
Entrapta: Uh, mm...
Catra: There's no time. We need to fire up the portal machine.
Entrapta: We can't. Opening a portal now will be disastrous. It's going to collapse and take us all with it. Adora was right.
Catra: Adora is right. (laughs) Adora gets everything she wants. But not this time. This time, I am going to win. I don't care what it takes. We are opening that portal now.
Entrapta: No! I won't! I need to tell Hordak. He'll understand –
stun baton (crackles)
Entrapta (shouts)
Catra: Get her out of here.
Horned Goon Girl: What do you want me to do with her?
Catra: I don't care. Just get rid of her. Put her on the transport to Beast Island.
Scorpia: B-Beast Island? You can't.
Catra: You want to be next?
Scene switches to hallway
Imp (screeches)
Glimmer and Bow (shout)
bot's march in
Bow: Glimmer, no.
Glimmer: There's no choice. Do it.
Shadow Weaver's magic (hums)
scene switches to Hordak's sanctum
Hordak: Ohh, she did it.
Catra: The Princesses are here. There's no time to waste, we need to open the portal.
Hordak: Where's Entrapta? I need her.
Catra: Who do you think let the Princesses in?
Hordak (gasps, shouts): But she... she wouldn't.
Catra (laughs): Did you really think she was on our side?
Hordak (shouts)
Catra: Oh, you can't trust anyone, especially a Princess. They'll just use you to get what they want. Open the portal and let's end this.
Bow: This way.
Adora: Bow!
Catra: Forget about them. Pull the switch. (shouts)
Magic (crackles) arrows fire, Hordak (shouts), building partially collapses
Adora: Catra, please, don't.
Catra throws the switch
Adora: No!
The portal machine (hums, buzzes)
(Credits Roll)