Scene opens with a closeup of Catra's eyes
Scorpia (distant voice): Catra. Hey, Catra. (then close) Boy, you are just as fast on sand as everywhere else. Whoo! Ha. Now, what are we looking at?
Catra: I'm looking at the Crimson Waste. The place Hordak sent me to die. I have no idea what you're doing, as the last thing I told you was to leave me alone.
Scorpia: I know. It was so noble of you. You pushed me away in order to save me. And it just brought us closer together. (chuckle)
Catra: I'm not (groans) You know what? It doesn't matter. Nothing matters anymore. You know what I see here? All my hard work ignored because of one mistake. My dreams turning to dust in front of my eyes. But mainly I'm looking at that?
Lizard (screeches) as Catra nearly steps on it
Scorpia: Huh. Must be abandoned. According to Force Captain orientation, the Crimson Waste is completely deserted.
Catra: Yeah, It better be. I'm not in the mood to deal with – people.
Cantina full of patrons
Scorpia: Or that information could be completely wrong. Man. Maybe I should have skipped orientation, ha, ha, you know what I mean?
Catra (groaning angrily)
theme song plays
Catra (groaning angrily): Of course Hordak is wrong.
Bar patron [spits]
Catra: He's a shut-in who lives in his lab and doesn't know how to do anything. Why am I surprised at this? Move it. I'm tired.
Four Armed Lizard Girl (squeals) as Catra hurls her from their stool
Catra (hisses, growls)
Scorpia: Hey, Catra, I'm not questioning you leadership here, but maybe we shouldn't pick on the heavily armed crowd?
Catra: Oh, yeah? And what are the going to do? Send me to die in the Crimson Waste? (gasps) Oh, would you look at that, I'm already here.
Horned Goon: Good riddance to that She-Ra girl.
Catra: Are you kidding me?
Horned Goon: If I ever see that boy or his sparkly friend, or that angry blonde one again, I swear, I'll –
Catra (clears her throat): Which way did they go?
Horned Goon: Who are you?
Catra: You said there was a sparkly girl, a boy with arrows, and a blonde. Which way did they go?
Horned Goon: Buzz off, Kitty Kitty.
Catra: What, are you too dumb to understand a simple question? Just point, genius, and I'll figure it out.
Scorpia (clears throat): Hey, Catra?
Catra: What?
Scorpia: Last thing I remember, Hordak sent us out here to track down First Ones tech, not Adora. So, why do we need to know which way they're going?
Catra: Because Adora and her friends are always after the same thing as we are. Of course they're in the middle of nowhere.
Horned Goon: She had the nerve –
Catra: So, spit it out already! Where are they going?
Horned Goon: There are only two rules in the Crimson Waste. One, the strong make the rules.
Catra (laughs): So, here's the thing. I've done this. The whole “threatening people” bit, the intimidation. I've been there. And I just don't care anymore. Some people have a bad day. [claws scraping on bar] I've had a bad life. If I want something, it's taken from me. [bludgeons patron, steals knife] If I win a fight, I lose the war. Threats only work on someone who has something to lose. But me?
Horned Goon (exclaims)
Catra: I've already lost it all. And you can't be any good at this, because you just let yourself get distracted.
[thudding noise]
Four Armed Lizard Girl (gasps)
Scorpia (giggles)
Catra: so... what'll it be?
Horned Goon: Hey, you know, we don't think of you as an outsider at all. You are okay with us. We'll take you anywhere you wanna go, boss.
Patron (whistles)
Catra: Good.  

Scene switches to Mara's ship with Huntara, Adora, Bow and Glimmer

Adora: I can't believe I'm standing in front of Mara's ship.
Glimmer: How do you know this is Mara's?
Adora: Light Hope showed me Mara's ship crashing. Right before the stars disappeared.
Huntara: I don't know who Mara is, but that's definitely the ship that says your name.
Adora: Wait. Says my name?
Huntara: Not Adora. It says She-Ra.
Bow: This is incredible. A First Ones ship? This thing used to travel through space. (shouts) Think of all the amazing things it contains. Or it could be empty. That's an option, too.
Adora: This can't be it. Where's the message coming from then?
Glimmer: Has this ship always been here?
Huntara: The Crimson Waste got hit with the mother of all dust storms. And when it cleared, this was unearthed.
Bow: And then people stole everything they could pry up and take.
Huntara: Look, if they didn't want things stolen, they should have bolted everything down better. Besides, no one comes here anymore. (chuckles)
Glimmer: Because there's nothing left to steal?
Huntara: Well, that. And it's haunted.
Mara's voice: She-Ra. Etheria. Gone.
Glimmer (gasps)
Bow (exclaims)
Adora: Where is that voice coming from? And where's the door? This ship is massive but this room is tiny. There has to be a door around here somewhere. Hold on.
Sword of Protection transforms to a shield (thrums)
door creaks open
bats fly out (screeching)
all (shout)
Mara's voice: She-Ra. Etheria. Gone.

Scene switches to Catra, Scorpia, Four Armed Lizard Girl and Horned Goon Girl

Scorpia (laughs): Oh, boy, you really had them going. I've never seen a room of murderous toughs look so freaked out before. It was truly an honor to witness.
Catra: What, those washed-up hacks? They needed to be taught what happens when they try to threaten me.
Scorpia: Well, they won't be bothering us anymore, that's for sure. (laughs)
Scorpia whacks Four Armed Lizard Girl into cacti
Four Armed Lizard Girl (grunts) freezes solid
Scorpia: Oh, oops, sorry. Can you carry her again?
Catra: Scorpia, you don't have to ask. Carry her, idiot. Move. You know, I'm starting to thing this place gets a bad rap.
Scorpia: Oh, I'm with you.
Horned Goon Girl (grunting)
Scorpia: It's nice and toasty. If you look for the ground ripples you can avoid the quicksand. And my exoskeleton is loving this dry climate.
Catra: And you can take whatever you want. The meaner you are, the more they listen to you. Give me your dart gun.
Horned Goon Girl: Oh! Uh... Yeah, go.
Catra: See?
Scorpia (laughs)
Catra: I'm going to call you Kyle.
Horned Goon Girl: Uh... What?
Catra: Shut up and keep walking, Kyle.
Horned Goon Girl: Uh... Okay.
Catra and Scorpia (laugh)
Scorpia: So, this is fun.
Catra: Yeah. It is.
Scorpia (gasps)
Catra (grunts): Stop it right now or I take it all back.
Scorpia: I'm not saying anything.
Catra (groans): You're doing that thing with your face where it's obvious what you're thinking.
Scorpia: Do you mean smiling?
Catra: Look, I'm just acknowledging – (grunts)
quick sand (bloops)
Catra: We make a good team, that's it.
Scorpia: Right. A good team. That's us.
Scorpia (laughs) This is crazy. Are there really animals this big? Come on.
Catra: Not anymore.
(shrieking noise)
Scorpia: What?
Rocks crumble from above
Catra (growls): What are you trying to pull?
Horned Goon Girl: Nothing. What are you talking about?
Scorpia: Catra, what's going on?
Catra: I'll tell you what. Kyle here wasn't paying attention. And led us right into an ambush.
Gang members (shout)
Tung Lashor (growls)

scene changes to Mara's ship

Glimmer: We do this on three. One, two –
Bow: Wait! ON three or after three?
Huntara (groans)
Adora: On three. On, two, three!
(shouting)
Adora: Whoa!
Bow: Whoa.
Bow touches console, which beeps and activates screen
Bow (shouts) : This is it. This is the same message from my tracker pad.
Hologram materializes
Bow (shouts)
Mara's hologram: I am Mara, She-Ra of Etheria, and I am gone.
Adora: Mara. I have so many questions for you. I don't even know where to start.
Mara's hologram: I am Mara, She-Ra of Etheria, and I am gone.
Adora: Um... Hi? I'm Adora.
Mara's hologram: I am Mara, She-Ra of Etheria, and I am gone.
Huntara: Well, that's unsettling.
Adora: No. No, no. This isn't it. I've done this before. There's usually a password or something.
Mara's hologram: I am Mara, She-Ra of Etheria, and I am gone.
Adora: Eternia. I have the sword. I am She-Ra. Administrator detected! Speak to me!
Mara's hologram: I am Mara, She-Ra of Etheria, and I am gone.
Adora (laughs maniacally)
Glimmer: Adora?
Adora: Of course it's on a loop. Of course it is. Because why would a hologram ever give me a straight answer? Solve a puzzle. Train. Let go. I do everything they tell me, waiting for answers, And all I'm left with is... is... Why was I taken from my family? Why was I forced to become a soldier? Why did I come here if this was nothing but another dead end?
Adora punches console which beeps, revealing a hologram of a sword hilt
Bow: Adora, I'm sorry. Maybe we can –
Adora places sword in console which activates, another hologram of Mara
Mara hologram (weeps): I don't have much time. I barely made it out... If you are seeing this, it means you wield the Sword. You are the new She-Ra. It means I failed. I was supposed to be the last. And I am so, so sorry.

Scene switches back to Catra and company
Gang member (shouting)
Horned Goon Girl: Oh no. It's Tung Lashor!
Catra (laughs): I'm sorry, what?
Horned Goon Girl: Look, Tung Lashor leads the number two gang in the Crimson Waste. He's bee itching to push Huntara out of years and become number one. With her gone, they'd run this place.
Tung Lashor: And it looks like today is our lucky, lucky day. (shouts) I never thought you'd be dumb enough to step foot out here without Huntara. But here you are. And now I'm gonna leave your bones as a warning to all who cross Tung Lashor, strongest in the Crimson Waste.
Catra (laughs) : It sounds even stupider the second time. Seriously, Tung Lashor? Pfft. Which one of you came up with that?
Scorpia (chuckles): Right? It's like, what, did you lose a bet?
Gang member (laughs, then falls, thudding on the ground)
Tung Lashor (groans): You done, outsider?
Catra (laughs): Are you kidding? I'm just getting started. First, all that “leaving your bones” talk, it's just too much. I'm I'm sure around here you're considered very scary.
Tung Lashor (snarls)
Catra: Second, they're not with Huntara anymore, they're with me. And third... I like that whip. I think I'll be taking it.
Tung Lashor (laughs): Is that so? Big talk for such a little –
Scorpia: Hey, do you even know how to use a whip?
Catra: Can't be hard if this guy figured it out.
Tung Lashor: Uh... I said –
Scorpia: I think it's all in the wrist. Ya know, like wa-pow! Crack! Whip!
Catra: No, I'm not going to say 'whip' when I use the whip. No one does that.
Scorpia: Ohh, maybe you can say a catchphrase then. Like, uh... Like, whip. I mean it's – I mean, I'm just spit-balling here. I like, I don't know, like...
Tung Lashor: Enough! I'm gonna wipe that smirk off your face, outsider. (growls) Who's the strongest in the Crimson Waste?
Gang members: Lashor! Lashor!
Tung Lashor: And don't you forget it. Hah! Whip!
Scorpia: Catra!
Catra and Tung Lashor (shouting)
Tung Lashor: Where's all that big talk now, Kitty?
Scorpia: Catra?
Tung Lashor (laughing)
Catra (mock laughing)
Tung Lashor (shouting): You cheating little –
Catra and Tung Lashor (shouting)
Tung Lashor: What? Oh, no.
Catra: Oh, hold on. Great. Thanks for the whip.
Tung Lashor: Guys. Anybody! Help me, please!
Catra (laughs): That was too easy. Now, who's the strongest in the Crimson Waste?
Scorpia: Catra. Catra. Catra.
All: Catra!
Catra: And don't you forget it.
All (shouting): yeah!
Scene switches to Mara's ship
Mara's hologram: I don't know what they told you, but it wasn't all bad at first. We were the first ones to settle Etheria, to really study this planet's magic. How could it go so wrong? Light Hope use the-- Can't-- Weapon-- The weapon-- Weapon--
Adora: What weapon? Bow, how's it going? Have you fixed it?
Bow: I'm trying, but I think the message got damaged when the ship crashed.
Mara's hologram: I opened a portal to a completely empty dimension and pulled Etheria in. I hid us from the rest of the universe to keep everyone safe. This is the one place they'll never find us. I saw what they would do. The deaths that would follow. I couldn't stop them before, but I can now. Hiding is our only option. Maybe it's been a week. Maybe it's been thousands of years. I never wanted to be a hero. I won't be remembered as one.
Alarm (blaring)
Mara's hologram: You have the Sword now. It is the Administrator Key to our planet. With it, you can activate a portal. So I'm begging you. Don't do it. Leave us here. If you open a portal, death and destruction will follow. For the good of the universe, Etheria must stay in Despondos. If not, everyone will –
program crashes, ship powers down
off camera (slow clapping)
Huntara: Who's there? Come out and face Huntara!
Blow darts strike Bow and Glimmer
Bow and Glimmer (grunt)
Catra's gang enters
Huntara: You two joined Tung Lashor?
Catra: They haven't joined him. They joined me. Hey Adora. (snaps fingers)
blow darts strike Huntara
Huntara (grunts)
Adora (gasps) : For the honor of-- (grunts)
Catra: This might be the quickest I've ever won a fight. Always so dramatic with you, isn't it, Adora?
Huntara (groans)
Adora: Huntara! Get them out!
Huntara (snarls)
Catra: Stop her.
Time passes
all (cheer)
Horned Goon Girl: A toast to driving Huntara out of the Waste!
All (cheer)
Horned Goon Girl: A toast to finding all this new loot, huh?
All (cheer)
Horned Goon Girl: And a toast to Boss Catra, best leader we've ever had!
All: Yeah!
Catra: Scorpia! A toast to Scorpia!
Unnamed woman: Oh, yes, Scorpia! Whoo!
Scorpia: What? I can't. You guys, I – Thank you. Yes. Gosh.
Catra (giggles): Can you believe this? They said this was called a “party”. I like it. When we go back, there's going to be a lot more parties.
Scorpia: Uh, the crazy desert lady got away.
Catra: Let her. We've got the most important thing right here. You heard that hologram. This is the key to the whole planet. When I bring this back to the Fright Zone, Hordak will see me for what I'm worth and I'll be back on top.
Scorpia: Or, you know, counterpoint, we don't go back at all.
Catra: What? Why wouldn't we go back?
Scorpia: Uh... Because you hate it there?
Catra: I don't.
Scorpia: Hear me out, okay? Within like, a day, you've defeated the gangs ruling the Crimson Waste and made yourself their leader. This is the happiest I've ever seen you. Scratch that. This is the first time I've ever seen you happy, period. So, why would we go back? Let's stay here. Forget Hordak. Forget Adora. Forget all of them. We could rule the Crimson Waste together, just the two of us. We cold, you know, be happy.
Catra: I-- I don't – I have to go check on the prisoner.
Door clangs open
Adora (grunting) : Catra, you can't do this.
Catra: Well, hello to you, too. What can't I do this time?
Adora: Hordak is trying to open a portal. He wants to bring the rest of the Horde army through to Etheria. We can't let that happen.
Catra: The rest of the Horde army?
Adora: Hordak is part of a gigantic evil army from another world--
Catra (laughs) : Never a dull moment with you. Why would I be against more Horde? That means we win and you lose.
Adora: We'll all lose if Hordak uses his portal machine. Light Hope and Mara both said that opening a portal will endanger everyone.
Catra: You'll listen to anything weird old holograms tell you, won't you? You should really try to get over that. Besides, how do you know about what Hordak's doing?
Adora: Shadow Weaver told me. We know all about Hordak's plan.
Catra: Shadow Weaver told you? How exactly did Shadow Weaver tell you this?
Adora: You didn't know?
Catra: How?
Adora: Catra, Shadow Weaver is in Bright Moon.
Catra: Shadow Weaver left me for you. All of this happened because of you.
Adora: Catra? Catra, please, you have to listen.
Catra (murmurs)
Scorpia: Hey Catra. Whoa, there. Gotta be careful, boss.
Catra's gang (cheers)
Scorpia: Catra? You okay?
Catra: We are going back.
Scorpia (gasps)
Catra: We are going to open a portal. And we are going to crush them all.
Closing theme music plays
(Credits Roll)