Bow: [cawing]
Spinnerella: [grunts]
Adora: Now.
Horde Soldier: [shouting]
Netossa: Boom, nets.
Adora: Everyone, be ready. Our scouts reported the Horde is transporting a new prototype weapon. And they wouldn't brave the Whispering Woods unless it was something powerful.
Bow: If I know Entrapta, this thing is gonna be big, unpredictable and...invisible. Genius. Or it's just empty. 
Adora: But our scouts said Catra would be moving the weapon today. It's supposed to be here. 
[robots approaching]
Netossa: It's an ambush.
(Opening Theme)
Glimmer: I don't understand how this happened. 
Juliet: The Horde must have figured out we were going after the transport and laid a trap.
Netossa: Ooh.
Adora: Uhh--
Glimmer: Are you all okay?
Bow: Never been better.
Adora & Bow: [shout]
Bow: Okay, we've been slightly better. 
Glimmer: How do they keep doing this? No matter where I send you, the Horde always shows up to ruin the mission. And I'm just sitting here, I--
Adora: It's okay, Glimmer. Everyone knows you're needed in Bright Moon. 
Bow: So, what's the plan?
Swift Wind: Did someone say Swift Wind? Swift-- Hang on. Did someone say--?
Glimmer: No one said Swift Wind.
Swift Wind: But you just did. Anyway, I backtracked down the path the transport was on. It came from the mountains, on the far side of Bright Moon. 
Bow: That could be where they're keeping the weapon. We have to investigate. 
Juliet: A smaller team will avoid detection. Get in and out before the Horde even knows you're there.
Glimmer: I hate sending you guys back out. 
Adora: Hey. Whatever this is, we need to destroy it before it's used on innocent people. Right, guys?
Netossa: Count us in.
Spinnerella: Darling, your arm.
Netossa: Uh-huh? Nice try. Spinnerella refuses to accept that I busted two more bots than she did, so I'm winning. 
Spinnerella: There is nothing to win--
Adora: [clearing throat] So, uh, hey, how about we take this conversation to the War Room? We've got a mission to plan.
Swift Wind: Great. Let's go.
Glimmer: [groans]
Flutterina: Oh, sorry, Your Majesty. 
Glimmer: Sorry, Flutterina, I didn't see you. 
Flutterina: Oh, it's okay. Are you guys going on a mission? Can I come? 
Glimmer: Not this time. And not all of us are going. 
Flutterina: Next time, then. Rebellion Soldier Flutterina is ready. Have fun.

Catra: I can't get over how ridiculous you look, "Flutterina."
Flutterina: Right? I said to myself, "Double Trouble, what sort of character would the Princesses trust?" Someone tooth-achingly cute and pink.
Double Trouble: Then it came to me, Flutterina. A role for the--
Catra: Yeah, great, whatever. Is there any news?
Double Trouble: Your team did quite a number on the Rebels. They came limping back in, so despondent, such emotion. Oh! It was breathtaking. 
Catra: Your intel was good, but they still got away. 
Double Trouble: Espionage is a long game, kitten. The Rebels are tired, demoralized. [laughing] And you should've seen Glimmer's face when she realized she'd been outsmarted again. 
Glimmer*: How is the Horde always two steps ahead? Angry sparkle, growl.
Catra: And any intel on She-Ra? Or are we done here?
Double Trouble: So serious. Remember, this is supposed to be fun.
Catra: This is supposed to be war. 
Double Trouble: No reason it can't be both. 
Catra: [grunts] 
Double Trouble: All business, no fun. She-Ra's putting together a team to track down Hordak's new weapon. 
Catra: She-Ra's not going to find anything. But they'll all see the weapon when the time comes. 
Double Trouble: Ooh. Foreshadowing. Love this.

Glimmer: [sighs] [laughing] [grunting and shouting] 
Shadow Weaver: Impressive.
Glimmer: Huh? What are you doing here?
Shadow Weaver: I've come to tend my garden. 
Glimmer: You've got to be kidding me. You're gardening? You?
Shadow Weaver: One must keep oneself occupied. Your power is truly a sight to behold. It's no wonder, you being Micah's daughter. I'd never seen a sorcerer like him. 
Glimmer: I get it. I'm the daughter of an angelic being and a powerful sorcerer, and I'll never be as good as either of them. 
Shadow Weaver: That's true. You'll be better. [chuckling] Don't you remember your raw magical energy when we invaded the Fright Zone together? 
Glimmer: I remember you draining me. 
Shadow Weaver: Yes. But I did help you become more powerful. 
Glimmer: Well, luckily, I don't need your help for that anymore. 
Shadow Weaver: No, I suppose not. Of course, it's all wasted if you don't use it. I've been watching you. You're trying to be like your mother, overseeing things from afar. But you are not her. You must decide for yourself what kind of queen you will be. 
Glimmer: And I've decided. I'm a queen who doesn't take advice from prisoners. 

Swift Wind: [neighing]
Adora: Stay close, and stay quiet. 
Netossa: Just for the record, I'm being way quieter than you--
Bow: Guys, do you hear something?
Adora: [gasps]
Spinnerella: It's an ambush. Again. 
Netossa: This one's mine. Ha! Two for one. Still winning. [laughs then gasps]
Adora: Is...Is that the new weapon? 
Swift Wind: It's not very big. Or move-y. 
Bow: It could be a surveillance bot. [gasps, then shouting] 
[all shouting]
Adora: [panting] Bow? Bow!

Adora: [sighs] 
Bow: [groaning] Did we win?
Glimmer: Bow. Thank goodness. I was so scared. 
Bow: I feel like we didn't win. 
Glimmer: Bow, are you okay? 
Bow: Don't worry about me. I'm fine. I'm just, you know, gonna lie here for a bit. [grunts]
Glimmer: Why is he not okay?
Adora: Even with healing, he's still going to need some time to recover. 
Glimmer: I can't keep sending my friends into ambushes. How does the Horde know our every move?
Juliet*: I'm sorry, Your Majesty. I hate to suggest it, but could they be tracking She-Ra?
Glimmer: That could explain how they always know where you are. 
Adora: Bow...I'm sorry. It's my fault you got hurt. 
Glimmer: No. This is Catra's fault. Her, and her bots, and--and me. I sent you out, knowing it was dangerous, while I stayed here, safe and sound. 
Bow: Don't worry about me. I'm the one who worries about you. Can we go back to that? Please?
Adora: I'm going back to find that bot and destroy it. 
Glimmer: No. If the Horde is tracking you, they're gonna be ready. What if--?
Adora: Glimmer, you said it yourself. We can't risk more people getting hurt. General?
Bow: [groaning]
Glimmer: Don't worry, Bow. I'm gonna take care of this. 

Bow*: Catra. I knew you were behind this. 
Catra: Ugh.
Bow*: Oh, no, the new weapon! It's firing. [shouting] It got me in the abs. The most vulnerable part of the body that I refuse to cover, because I don't own real shirts. [groaning]
Glimmer*: [crying] If only I was there to sparkle at it. Oh, Bow!
Bow*: Glimmer!
Adora*: She-Ra! [blows raspberry]
Catra: [laughing] Show me She-Ra again. 
Adora*: I'm She-Ra. [blows raspberry]
Catra: [laughing]
Double Trouble: Ah. There it is. 
Catra: There what is?
Double Trouble: The thrill of seeding destruction and chaos. 
Catra: Ahem. I'll be thrilled if the Pulsebot really blew that dummy up. 
Double Trouble: Sadly, Bow's been healed by some glowy magic. Very dramatic stuff. 
Catra: [growls]
Double Trouble: Oh, cheer up. I'm sending coordinates for She-Ra's position. She's going back out to destroy the bot that hurt her friend. 
Catra: Ugh. Typical heroic Adora plan. Too bad we'll be gone by the time she gets there. But if it's to take down She-Ra, I think we could stand a delay. 
Double Trouble: I knew there was a reason I liked you. Having fun yet?
Catra: You know, I think I am. 

Shadow Weaver: [humming]
Glimmer: Give us a minute. That's an order. I need--The Queen demands your help. 
Shadow Weaver: I see. And what is it I can do? 
Glimmer: You know Catra best. She's been two steps ahead this entire time. Show me how to think like she does, so I can figure out her next move before anyone else gets hurt.
Shadow Weaver: You don't need to think like Catra. I told you you're more powerful than you know. Are you willing to use your power? 
Glimmer: And how, hypothetically, would I do that? 
Shadow Weaver: Magic, of course. A location spell is a simple but powerful tool for any young sorcerer. All it takes is a few ingredients...and the will to see it through. 
Glimmer: You've been growing magic plants this whole time? What do these do?
Shadow Weaver: Those are daisies. I find them cheerful. Now, the final ingredient, added by the spellcaster. 
Glimmer: Did I do that? [gasps] 
Shadow Weaver: Think about what you're searching for. Keep it in your mind. 
Glimmer: A secret outpost. The Horde has been operating out of the Whispering Woods this whole time. 
Shadow Weaver: Well done. 
Glimmer: Oh, no. Adora's looking in the wrong place. If we can warn her in time, we can send her to the outpost and stop Catra once and for all. But if Catra's tracking She-Ra, she'll know we're coming and clear out before we get there. 
Shadow Weaver: Catra won't be expecting an attack. Her attention will be focused on Adora. It would be the perfect time to strike. 
Glimmer: Are you suggesting I use Adora as bait? 
Shadow Weaver: As a distraction. But the decision is yours alone to make. What will you do, Your Majesty? 

Spinnerella: I don't see any sign of the Horde. 
Adora: I can take it from here. I'm not leaving until I destroy this bot. 
Spinnerella: No. Princesses stick together. We'll find it. 
Netossa: Ha. You wanna fight some bots. See, Adora? She is just as competitive as I am. 
Spinnerella: See, this is why no one comes to game night anymore. Adora, tell her. 
Adora: Oh, I don't--
Netossa: Maybe people don't come to game night because you insist on serving vegetable platters. No one likes vegetable platters. Right, Adora?
[robot powering up]
Adora: Fall back! [panting]
[robots powering up]

[soldiers shouting]
Catra: What are you doing back--?
Glimmer: [shouts]
Catra: Oh. It's you. 
Glimmer: Who else would it be? Didn't anyone ever teach you to put away your toys? Otherwise, someone might come and break them. 
Catra: You don't think I have more?
Glimmer: I think most of your bots are busy with She-Ra, leaving you defenseless. 
Catra: Using your own friend as a decoy? Wow, didn't know you had it in you. 
Glimmer: Guess you don't know everything. 
Catra: [grunting and shouting] You even taste like glitter. 
Glimmer: Where are you going, Catra? Not scared of some sparkles, are you?
Catra: The Pulsebots are out vaporizing your friends, but I bet you'd like to see our upgrade. We were saving it for a special occasion, but this'll do. 
Glimmer: [gasps]  You're going to bring the whole place down.
Catra: Don't worry. I'm not planning to stick around. It's revving up to send out a pulse strong enough to level half the woods. So you'd better choose. Me, or the bot? [shouts]
Glimmer: Looks like I don't have to. 
[powering up]
Catra: [grunting]
Double Trouble: Word around Bright Moon was that the Queen had disappeared on a mission. I thought I'd come check on you. 
Catra: Double Trouble. About time. 
Double Trouble: [grunting] 

Netossa: I don't know how long I can do this. 
Adora: Glimmer?
Glimmer: Thought you could use some help. 
Adora: Whoa. 
Spinnerella: [gasps]
[robot powering up] 
Spinnerella: [shouting]
Netossa: Spinnerella! Spinnerella, please, talk to me. 
Spinnerella: Fourteen.
Netossa: What?
Spinnerella: That was 14 bots for me. I win. 
Netossa: [chuckles] That's my girl. You win. 
Glimmer: Should I start counting too? Because...I got the rest. 

Glimmer: You should've seen me out there, Bow. I was like...[shouting] 
Bow: Sounds really cool. But also, really awful?
Glimmer: Ugh. Come on, guys. Can't we just enjoy this victory?
Adora: This isn't over. We still need to figure out how the Horde is tracking me. 
Glimmer: But until we do, at least we can use it to our advantage. 
Adora: By using me as a decoy?
Glimmer: I know it was dangerous. But it was the only chance I had to take out the rest of the bots before Catra could unleash them. And it worked. I'm not gonna stay behind anymore. That's not the kind of queen I am. I wanna be out there, fighting to protect my kingdom. Side by side with my best friends. And now that Shadow Weaver's teaching me magic, I'll be twice as effective. 
Adora: What? Shadow Weaver's teaching you?
Glimmer: Guys. We won today, and no one else got hurt. That's what counts.
Bow: Glimmer, I don't know--
Glimmer: Now, I'm gonna go raid the kitchen in celebration. 
Adora: Glimmer.
Glimmer: I'll bring back some cake. 

Double Trouble: Here's your stop, kitten. What are you going to yell your boss about all his shiny new bots getting blown up?
Catra: I'm going to say, "You're welcome for testing them before we moved ahead with our big plan. Obviously they were garbage." Hey, thank you, by the way for saving me. I don't know what I would've done if you hadn't shown up.
Double Trouble: Well, I live to serve. For a price, of course. Marvelous. And don't worry, darling. I'll keep a better eye on Glimmer. Who knew she was so powerful? 
Catra: Heh. Whatever. If she hadn't used Adora as bait. 
Double Trouble: Oh, yes. How devious. I'd assumed she was all glitter, no grit. 
Catra: Yeah, that was unexpected. And then she showed up alone. Huh. Looks like the friendship might have a few cracks, huh? Would be a shame if someone were there to take advantage of them. 

(Credits Roll)