-Scene opens in Hordak's Sanctum.       [Hordak stares at a glowing green orb that crackles with electricity.] 
Hordak: Finally. (He clenches his fist, bending the wrench he's holding.)
[Imp climbs up Hordak, peers over his shoulder at the orb, and smiles. Imp and Hordak shield themselves from the orb as it explodes.]
Hordak: (Hisses) Useless.
Imp: (Laughs)
[Hordak pushes Imp off his shoulder and tosses the wrench away. Imp looks at the wrench, then climbs a pillar-like machine.]
Imp: (In Hordak's voice) Useless.
-Scene ends.
-
-Intro plays.
-
-Scene opens in the Whispering Woods.
[Adora, Glimmer, and Bow walk through the Woods.]
Adora: I still can't believe Entrapta's working for the Horde. Shadow Weaver messed with her mind. She must have. Right?
Glimmer: I don't know. She seemed normal when we talked to her. Entrapta-normal, but still, she wants to be with the Horde. They do have better tech than us. But we have magic on our side.
Bow: Magic and tech aren't totally separate things. Entrapta is one of the only people who really understands that. She got closer to combining them than anyone else. And...now she's with the Horde.
[Adora and Glimmer turn to look at Bow.]
Bow: Well, who needs Entrapta? You've got Bow, tech master and premier member of the Etherian Maker Community.
[The arrow Bow is holding catches on fire, and smoke billows from it.]
Bow: Ah. (Clears throat) Yeah, uh, meant to do that.
Swift Wind: [Neighing] Ahoy! Ha ha, be there in a sec.
[He lands next to Adora and Glimmer.]
Swift Wind: Comrades! I spotted buildings ahead, the outpost is close.
[Glimmer clenches her fists.]
Glimmer: Entrapta made her decision. We can't change that. But we can focus on our mission and help all our people. We lost all contact with the farming outpost of Alwyn a week ago. The Horde hasn't been reported in the area, but we can't be too careful.
Adora: (Scoffs) They're definitely involved. They always are.
Glimmer: We can handle the Horde. I don't care if they do have Entrapta's inventions, they're no match for us! We'll handle this the way we always do.
Adora: Brute Strength?
Swift Wind: Almost dying?
Glimmer: No—and no! By sticking together, and never giving up.
Bow: Yeah! Best Friend Quad to the rescue!
[Everyone turns to look at Bow.]
Bow: Because there's four of us?
[Everyone frowns at Bow.]
Bow: Okay, taking that one off the list.
[They all continue walking. Adora turns around, and looks at the trees blowing in the wind. She frowns.]
-Scene ends.
- 
-Scene opens in the Fright Zone. 
[Entrapta is sitting at a workbench, tinkering with a device. She has her welding mask down.]
Entrapta: (Scatting to herself) 
[The workbench shakes. Entrapta lifts her mask and looks around.]
Entrapta: Hm.
[She flips her mask back down and continues tinkering. After a few seconds, the workbench shakes again. Entrapta lifts her mask and frowns. She ducks under the workbench, and finds a loose screw on the underside.]
Entrapta: Emily, hand me a six sided hex driver.
[Emily searches for the tool, knocking things over as she looks. She shakes her body in a "no" gesture and beeps sadly.]
Entrapta: [Groans] You're right, Emily, how can we possibly work like this?
[Entrapta flops down on the workbench.]
-Scene ends.
-
-Scene opens in the Fright Zone.
[Catra walks into Hordak's Sanctum.]
Catra: Uh, hello? Lord Hordak?
[Catra sees Imp watching her. ]
Hordak: State your purpose, Force Captain Catra.
[Catra adjusts her Force Captain badge and walks over to Hordak.]
Catra: Lord Hordak, I just thought we should, uh, you know, touch base, like you used to with Shadow Weaver. Figured we could establish a daily check-in—
Hordak: So, I'm to understand you've disturbed me for no reason.
[Imp jumps down to the floor, startling Catra.]
Catra: Uh, not for no reason. We need to plan our next move against the Rebellion. The Horde's in a better spot than ever—
Hordak: Was squandering our advantage while the Whispering Woods regrew part of your plan?
[Hordak walks over to a large lever and pulls it. It activates a glowing field around him and Catra.]
Hordak: Was letting yourself get captured? Etheria's atmosphere has proven to be a complicating variable in my experiments.
[Catra coughs. Debris rises from the floor.]
Catra: I—(coughing)
Hordak: I just removed that variable. Tell me, Force Captain, how is your breathing?
[Hordak circles Catra as she coughs and wheezes. Catra's vision goes blurry.]
Hordak: Pathetic. Just like everything on this backwards planet. Do you know what the definition of failure is, Force Captain?
[Hordak turns the anti-oxygen field off. Catra gasps for breath.]
Hordak: Failure is when something ceases to serve a purpose. When that happens, it becomes worthless to me. Thus far, your performance has been lacking.
Catra: I haven't failed yet. No one knows how to take the princesses down better than me. Trust me, and let me do that.
[They stare at each other. Catra's gaze flicks down to where Hordak is resting his hand on the lever.]
Hordak: You say you can defeat the Rebellion? 
[Hordak takes his hand off the lever.]
Hordak: Prove it. You are dismissed.
[Hordak returns to his lab, and Catra leaves.]
Imp: (In Hordak's voice) Pathetic. Pathetic. Pathetic.
-Scene ends.
-
-Scene opens in the Whispering Woods.
[Adora, Gimmer, Bow, and Swift Wind walk through the Woods.]
Swift Wind: Uh, hello? I thought you should know, I'm sensing something weird the closer we get to the outpost.
Adora: Weird? Like what?
Swift Wind: I can't describe it, just...weird. What is this place?
Glimmer: Alwyn is the Rebellion's biggest supplier of—uh, well, supplies. It's basically one big orchard. One big, happy—incredibly creepy orchard.
[Swift Wind bites an apple, and everyone turns to look at him.]
Swift Wind: (With mouth full) What? Creepy apples taste as good as normal apples.
Glimmer: The outpost must be up ahead.
[Adora, Glimmer, and Bow walk into the village. Swift Wind follows, eating apples as he goes.]
Adora: I don't see any Horde soldiers. I actually don't see anyone. Where are they?
Glimmer: Maybe they're all inside?
Bow: Let me take a look. I've upgraded my tracker pad to detect Horde signals. If they're here, we'll find them with this.
[Bow taps his tracker pad, which gives off a high-pitched noise. Swift Wind cover his ears with his wings as Bow fumbles to turn it off, almost dropping it in the process. Glimmer teleports next to him.]
Bow: Oh, man. I must've broken something during the upgrade. Not to worry, I can fix this.
[He taps at the screen and frowns.]
Bow: I don't know how to fix this.
Glimmer: It's okay! Whatever's going on here, we'll solve it. Nothing gets past us!
[Wind begins to blow.]
Glimmer: Even if people used to tell stories about Alwyn being haunted.
Adora: Haunted? Like with ghosts?
Glimmer: (Scoffs) It's just stories. And even if it wasn't, we'd handle them. No reason to be scared.
Adora: Huh. Well, Shadow Weaver used to tell me about ghosts when I was a kid in the Horde. Like the story of the Weeping Princess, a vengeful spirit who roams Etheria looking for victims. You know she's coming for you by the sound of weeping right before she strikes.
Swift Wind: (Shouts) What was that?
[Everyone yells and readies for an attack.]
Glimmer: What?
Swift Wind: I'm not sure, I thought I heard someone. A voice.
Adora: (Gasps) The Weeping Princess?
Swift Wind: No. Someone's here, I'm sure of it. We have to find them.
[They all run off. A blue glow, roughly the size of a person, moves between two trees.]
-Scene Ends.
-
-Scene opens in the Fright Zone.
[Catra looks at a map.]
Catra: Third Battalion is closest. If they move on Erlandia, the Rebellion will have to answer.
Scorpia: (Stuttering) Uh, yeah, small problem? Um, the Third Battalion is refusing to fight because they don't have armor. They've put in...where is it...um, six requests for resupply. Didn't you see these?
Catra: I've been a little busy, you know, almost toppling Bright Moon and coming closer than anyone ever has to conquering the planet for the Horde? Not that anyone seems to care.
Scorpia: I care.
[Catra looks up at Scorpia for a second, then looks away.]
Catra: Fine. Give them the armor.
Scorpia: Ah. Okay, um...boy, I'd sure like to do that, uh...but the armory is out of armor.
Catra: So have them make more.
Scorpia: Okay, just gotta find that file.
[Scorpia fumbles with the files she's holding, dropping several of them.
Scorpia: They're just, they're so slidey, and slippery.
Catra: How am I supposed to defeat the Rebellion when all I do is this stupid busy work? I bet Shadow Weaver didn't have to deal with any of this.
Scorpia: Uh, these are her files, so, she probably did? Just saying, that's—that's a guess on my part.
[Scorpia drops more files. Catra groans. Entrapta yells as she falls out of a vent.]
Entrapta: Hi.
Catra: You're not a prisoner anymore. You don't have to sneak around.
Entrapta: The ducts are faster, and I don't have time to waste. I need a six-sided hex driver right now.
Catra: I'm the one who doesn't have time to waste. Aren't you some kind of genius? Make do with what you have.
Entrapta: (Groans) Of course I could, but it's the principle. Always use the proper tool for the job. If you can't help me, it's fine, I saw one in Hordak's lab.
[Catra hisses and lunges for Entrapta. She grabs Entrapta by her shirt.]
Catra: I know you're new to the Fright Zone, and possibly to being around people in general, but Hordak isn't somebody to mess with. Under no circumstances will you go anywhere near Hordak's sanctum.
[Catra lets go of Entrapta's shirt.]
Entrapta: Ooh. He calls his lab a sanctum. Oh, that is so classy!
Catra: Focus! I need you to promise that you will stay away from Hordak. Promise!
Entrapta: Okay, okay! I promise.
Scorpia: Catra! (Laughs) Here it is! Oh, okay, so the armory can't make more armor because they are...out of irid—do-iridul-lum? Irideli—the point is, they're out of the shiny stuff they need to make armor.
Catra: (Sighs) So where do we get more?
Scorpia: Oh, uh, I don't have a file for that.
[Catra stalks over and snatches a file away from Scorpia.]
Catra: I'll handle it myself. But keep and eye on Entrapta, and make sure she doesn't go anywhere near Hordak.
Scorpia: Got it, boss. I won't let her out of my sight. Now, you didn't happen to see which way she went, did you?
[Catra glares at her.]
Scorpia: You know what? I'll figure it out. I'll figure it out. (Laughs)
-Scene Ends.
-
-Scene opens on the outskirts of Alwyn.
Bow, Glimmer, Adora, and Swift wind wander into the village, looking in different directions, wary.
Adora: [calling out] Hello?
Swift Wind: [squeals] Ahh!  Uh, uh, I mean . . . whooo did that?  Bow-man, tch, you gotta pull yourself together!
They approach a dark cottage, and Bow opens the door a few inches, eliciting an ominous creak.
Swift Wind: I’ll wait out here in case anyone tries to sneak up on you.  Also, this door is too small for horses, which is rude.
Glimmer: [whispering] Okay.  On three.  One, two, THREE!!
She teleports within as Bow and Adora ready their weapons, and burst through the door . . . to find an empty interior of a one-room shack, with a dining table laden with food.  They look at each other wonderingly.  Adora sheathes her sword and approaches the table, feeling with her hand over the food.
Adora: The food is cold.  Whoever lives here left in a hurry, but it was . . . a while ago.
Bow: There’s no sign of the Horde.  There’s no sign of a struggle at all.  They just . . . left.
Adora: This is just like the story of the Headless Princess. [acting out with gestures]  She stalks the night, pulling people out of their beds, leaving nothing but bloody footprints!  [gasp]
They all look at the floor, then sigh in relief at the bare ground.
Swift Wind: [yelling from the doorway] Whaddya find!!!
Adora and Bow scream as Adora throws her arms wide in front of Bow and Glimmer jumps onto her neck.  Bow is knocked over as Adora adopts a fighting stance, looking all around, with Glimmer hanging from her neck.
Swift Wind: Sorry.  I . . . don’t like being out here by myself.
Glimmer: [dropping to the floor, with an annoyed look at Swift Wind] We should check out the other buildings.
They carefully walk in the darkness, stepping over large roots, looking through the slats of boarded windows.  Bow suddenly calls out.
Bow: Hey, Guys!
Adora reacts, drawing her sword with one hand, and collaring Glimmer against her protectively with the other.  They relax again as Glimmer catches her breath.
Adora: Sorry.  What did you say?
Bow points toward a tall narrow pyramid.
Bow: Does that look familiar to you.
Adora: I’m not sure.  Maybe it’s . . . 
A crashing sound interrupts her musing, and they all scream.  Bow and Glimmer strike warrior stances in multiple directions.  Glimmer simply disappears.  After a moment, they realize that it is a window shutter slamming in the wind.
Adora: Huh . . . Uhhhhh, Glimmer?
Glimmer reappears in a small shower of pink sparkles.
Glimmer: [smiling, sheepishly] I’m so sorry.  I have no idea why I did that.
Adora:  Ah, this place is weird.  Like the Lair of the Undead Princess!  Where she lures soldiers to their doom!
Bow: Undead princess?  The Horde really had a theme, huh?
Adora: Oh . . . You’re right!  Wow.  I can’t believe I’m just realizing this now.
Glimmer: Weird or not, we have a mission.  Something happened here that forced these people to flee their home.  We have to get to the bottom of this.
As they walk onward, a strange ghostly form passes unnoticed behind them.
-Scene Ends.
-
-Scene opens in the Fright Zone.
Entrapta and Emily stand outside of Hordak’s inner sanctum.
Entrapta:  Ethical dilemma number . . . ahhhhhhhhhhh . . . sixty-three.  I told Catra I wouldn’t go into Hordak’s lab.  But, if she never finds out, does it count?  I could just pop in, grab the tool, and then pop out.  No one would ever know.  But, I would know.  Ahhhh, I shouldn’t do it.  Or should I?  Nooo, I shouldn’t.
Suddenly, she is within Hordak’s lair, hiding behind equipment, observing him beside his work table with his back to her.  She eyes the table.
Entrapta: [whispering excitedly] A six-sided hex driver!
She peers over the side of the table and starts to reach with her hair, but she is distracted by the fascinating glowing and sparking orb that hovers between two emitters.
Entrapta: [raising up, still whispering] This is amazing!!
Emily pushes her back down again.  The orb fizzes, then goes out, as the energies dissipate.
Entrapta: [diappointed] Ohhh . . .
Hordak screams in frustration and pounds the table by Entrapta, sweeping equipment and tools to the floor.  He exits the room with his Imp following.
Entrapta: Well, there’s no reason to get huffy because an experiment fails.  Failure is a vital part of scientific endeavor.
She goes to the table and grabs the hex driver, continuing her conversation with Emily.
Entrapta: What if I have given up on you after the first explosion?  Or the fiftieth?!  I know, I should leave.  But I have to stay, for science!!!
-Scene Ends.
-
-Scene opens in the abandoned village of Alwyn.
Bow and Glimmer press their faces against a window to gaze within.  Glimmer sees the reflection of a ghostly form in the window.  But when she turns around she sees nothing.
Glimmer: Huh?  Hmmm.
Adora and Swift Wind round the building to join them.
Glimmer: It’s totally abandoned.
Suddenly a high-pitched screeching causes Adora to cover her ears and cringe with Swift Wind.
Adora: Do you guys hear that?
Swift Wind:  Yes!  Finally!  I told you.  It’s a weird sound.
Adora:  It’s like something . . . someone is singing!
Glimmer: [fearfully] I don’t hear anything.  It’s probably just the wind.
The sound repeats, and everyone looks uncomfortably on edge.
Bow: Okay.  I’m hearing something, too.
They look around, and one of the bright, ghostly forms moves past.  Bow and Glimmer clutch hold of each other.  Adora points.
Adora:  There!  Something’s there!  [drawing the sword] For the Honor of Grayskull!
Becoming She-Ra, she leaps into the forest after the strange figure.  Glimmer and Bow look at each other for a few seconds, then run after her.
Glimmer: Wait!
Bow: Adora!
-Scene Ends.
-
-Scene opens in the Fright Zone.
In Hordak’s Inner Sanctum, Entrapta is rapidly and efficiently adjusting connections and wiring on Hordak’s machine, welding with her mask down.  Hordak approaches her from behind and grunts.  As she reaches for the hex driver, Hordak’s shadow falls over her.  She begins speaking before she turns to see who it is.
Entrapta:  Hello.  You’re blocking my light.  If you could just step aside . . . 
Hordak:  Get!  OUT!!!
Entrapta: [unintimidated] Well, just a sec.  I’m almost finished.
To Hordak’s shock, she continues her work with Emily a little longer, then stands up.
Entrapta:  Okay.  All done.  Byyyee!
Hordak scowls as she begins to walk away.
Hordak: There will be dire consequences for this flagrant breach of conduct.
Emily is pushing Entrapta out the door, as she quickly explains to him.
Entrapta:  You were using uninsulated cables.  I, uh, replaced themf or you.  Try it again.  It should hold the charge, now.
The doors close behind her, and Hordak looks stunned and bemused.  Curiously, he approaches the machinery and throws the master lever.  At first nothing happens, and he frowns, turning to walk away.  But then, the machine activates, and the glowing orb forms, holding smoothly and stably with a constant luminosity.
Hordak: She was . . . right.
Entrapta:  [suddenly standing beside him] Of course I was right!
She stands admiring the glowing orb.
Entrapta: It’s beautiful!  It’s a power source, isn’t it?  What are you building that needs so much power?
Hordak struggles for a reply, but she is already across the room, studying the displays.
Entrapta: [gasps] I recognize these formulas.  You’re experimenting with portals?  But that’s . . . I mean, I’m familiar with the concept, but multi-dimensional gates are purely theoretical.  No one’s every come close to actually achieving one.  Right?
Hordak: Obviously, someone from a backwater planet such as yours couldn’t possibly comprehend it.
Entrapta: Hey!  All right.  I’m the one who got your power source working, so . . . tell me everything!!
Hordak: Portals aren’t theoretical.  They’re real.  And I’m going to open one.
Entrapta: [with great excitement]  You are?!  Ahhhhh.  Can I help you?!!  Ah, just think of the possibilities!  You could . . . transport troops, and, and weapons . . . whatever you need from one side of the planet to the other!
Hordak: You think too small.  Unsurprising.  You can’t begin to understand the potential a device of this nature will possess.
Entrapta:  Wait!  If Etheria is a backwater planet, does that mean there are others?
Hordak: Of course.  There are countless galaxies filled with countless other worlds.  Etheria is the only planet I’ve ever encountered that does not seem to understand that.
Entrapta:  Other planets?  And you’ve . . . been there?
Hordak only smiles.
-Scene Ends.
-
-Scene opens in Shadow Weaver's cell.
Elsewhere in the Fright Zone, Shadow Weaver languishes miserably in electronic chains.  Her cell force field flickers off, and Catra stalks in, throwing file folders at Shadow Weavers feet.
Catra:  I’ve contacted every mine under Horde control, but none of them have the material to make more armor, and without the armor, I can’t attack Erlandia.  You’re trying to sabotage me!!  Where’s the missing file?!!
Shadow Weaver: [speaking slowly, as teacher to pupil] The material you seek comes from the foundry.  Right her in the Fright Zone.
Catra: [rising to her feet, coolly] Fine.
Shadow Weaver: [gently chiding] Being me isn’t quite what you imagined, is it?  I suppose you thought Hordak would let you . . . run things now.
Catra: He does.  I can do what I want.
Shadow Weaver: [shaking her head] But he’ll never trust you with his real plans.  Don’t take it personally.  He never did with me, either.
Catra: I don’t know what you’re talking about.  Maybe Hordak didn’t trust you, but he trusts me plenty.
For a moment, they share wordless looks.  Then Catra walks out and punches the control to activate the electronic forcefield of the cell.  Shadow weaver hangs her head.
-Scene Ends.
-
-Scene opens in the woods near Alwyn.
She-Ra walks carefully through the woods, looking for signs of the presence she was following.  She hears a strange moaning voice and follows.  Glimmer and Bow run up behind, and Bow trips on a root.
Bow: Ooahh!
They look suspiciously back at the root, but it looks normal.  She-Ra helps him up.
She-Ra: The light came from around hear.
A strange laughter echoes, and they look all around them.  Suddenly Bow sees a column of light nearby.
Bow: There!  It’s over . . . !
The light becomes a large humanoid figure, very close!  They scream, and She-Ra leaps forward, eyes closed, swinging blindly at thin air.  It’s gone.  She opens her eyes.
She-Ra:  Where’d it go?  Did I get it?
Glimmer No!  [seeing the form walking quickly toward them]  RUN!!!
They turn and flee, but there path is quickly blocked by two other figures, waving at them.
Glimmer: Ahhh!  Run the other way!!
They do, but again a couple of figures block their path.  They halt behind some bushes, and the figures are all around them.
Swift Wind: She-Ra, do something!
She-Ra: Like what?!!  Flail at them again?!!  I can handle the Horde.  I can’t handle this!  This is like what . . .
Glimmer: [cutting her off] Stop telling ghost stories!!  I’ve been terrified since we got here!!!  Catra was right!  I’m terrible at this!
Bow: And I can’t replace Entrapta!  I can’t even make my tracker pad work!
Swift Wind: I’m still hearing stuff coming from the big stone pointy thing!
Bow: From the pointy . . .   Hold on.
He begins to walk towards the apparitions.
Glimmer: What are you doing?!  Bow!
Glimmer teleports to him, grabs him, and teleports away to a safer distance.  She-Ra, leaps out and swings her sword downward through the glowing form, striking the ground with a mighty impact, and causing previously unseen circuitry in the ground to light up.
Bow:  Of course.  This place.  It’s a First One’s ruin.  And these aren’t ghosts.  They’re holograms!
She-Ra:  I’m pretty sure holograms can’t walk around on their own like this.
Bow: But, look at them.  Really look at them.
Glimmer: [holding Bow with her eyes closed] No thanks!  I’m good!
She-Ra:  It’s . . . it’s like a recording.
Bow releases himself from Glimmer’s grasp and walks up to stand next to the images.  Glimmer opens her eyes and sees the truth.
Glimmer: Ahhhh.  She’s waving!
Glimmer waves back, smiling.  Then after a moment.
Glimmer: Actually, you know what?  It’s still creepy.
Bow: I think I know where they’re coming from.  Come on!
-Scene Ends.
-
-Scene opens in the Fright Zone.
Catra is slouching around the detention area.  Scorpia runs up to her, a large sheaf of files in her arms.
Scorpia: Catra!  Catra!  Hey, Catra!
Catra: [sighs]
Scorpia: [panting] Oh, wow.  You are fast.  Anyway, I found the file, and guess what.
Catra: The material is produced right here in the Fright Zone?
Scorpia:  [wonderingly, to herself] Beautiful and brilliant.
Catra:  Where’s Entrapta?!  You’re supposed to be watching her!
Scorpia:  You know, she is, she’s, she’s . . . I don’t know where she is, truthfully, but I’m gonna fix that because that’s just the kind of friend I am.  You’re welcome.
Catra: [growls]
-Scene Ends.
-
-Scene opens in the Hordak's Inner Sanctum.
Hordak stands by in his lab as Entrapta makes further adjustments to switches and cables, which causes the glowing orb to grow in size and brilliance, buzzing and crackling louder. 
Entrapta: This is probably the max with what you’ve got to work with here.  If we had some First One’s tech, we could generate even more voltage.
Catra and Scorpia come running into the chamber.
Catra:  [her words spilling out in a rush] I’m sorry, Lord Hordak.  Entrapta is still new here.  I, I, I, I promise, she will never bother you again.
Hordak:  You are the one bothering me, Force Captain . . . with your unwelcome intrusion!  I.  Am.  Working.  With Entrapta’s assistance.
Entrapta:  Did you hear that, Emily?  [whispering with excitement] I’ve never had a lab partner before!
Catra stares with Scorpia, dumbfounded, until the Imp hisses at them, and they turn and exit.
-Scene Ends.
-
-Scene opens in the Alwyn.
In the moonlit night at Alwyn, Bow examines a pyramidal spire in the middle of town with Glimmer, She-Ra, and Swift Wind looking on.  Bow pulls away roots covering the spire.
Swift Wind:  This is it!  The noise is coming from here!
She-Ra:  It looks like Light Hope’s beacon.
Bow: It’s an antenna.  I’m guessing this outpost is built on some kind of First Ones communication hub.  When the Black Garnet disrupted the planet, it must have caused the hub to power up.  It’s trying to send old stored messages.  With you translating, we should be able to turn it off.
She-Ra: [pointing at the shimmering holograms] So . . . these are First Ones?
Bow:  Yeah.  Why?
She surveys the figure, a friendly bowing man and a young girl figure dancing.
She-Ra:  It’s just . . . I’ve been thinking of them as these big epic figures.  But they’re regular people, . . . sending messages to their loved ones.  Messages that were never received because of what Mara did to the planet.
She-Ra hangs her head, but Swift Wind snuffles at her encouragingly.  She approaches the spire and touches it with her hand, causing it to light up and glow, then fade.  The dancing, bowing figures fade as well.
She-Ra: [solemnly] Be at rest, now.
Bow: [pulling out his tracker pad] The farmers must have fled from the “ghosts” when this thing turned itself on.  We should be able to get them a message that it’s safe to return.
Glimmer:  Way to go!  I think the Rebellion is going to do just fine with you, Master-maker Bow!
Bow:  Thanks, Glimmer!  Now that the antenna is powered down, everything should be back to normal.
He studies the tracker pad, and the others gather around him.  It is showing a distorted pattern and playing a staticky, unintelligible voice.
Bow: It’s that message again.  It looks like First Ones writing.
Swift Wind: Huh.  But we powered down the antenna.
She-Ra:  Well, if it is First Ones writing, I can’t read it.  It’s way too degraded.
Glimmer: You said it yourself, Bow.  Your pad must be broken.
Bow: [uncertainly] Yeah . . . that must be it.
-Scene Ends.
-
Somewhere else, in a wind-swept hostile desert plain, a wrecked spacecraft lies half buried, but not altogether inactive.  Within, a panel lights up with a scrolling pattern that looks like an intact version of what was appearing on Bow’s tracker pad.
(Credits Roll)