-Opens in the Whispering Woods with the Princess Alliance fighting Horde robots-
Perfuma: Hey, robot face, watch where you step.
Bow: Incoming. [shouts as a bot jumps towards him]
Mermista: Got it. [grunts]
Perfuma: [grunts] Sorry, Frosta.
Mermista: Wow, flower princesses can't aim.
Perfuma: I'm working on it.
Frosta: Look out!
Glimmer: Got it. 
Glimmer: Thanks for dropping in.
Frosta: [laughing] Dropping in, because you dropped him from the sky. Good one.
♪Theme song plays ♪
-Scene change to inside a darkened area in the wood, with destroyed bots on the ground-
[She-Ra grunting and shouting while destroying bots]
She-Ra: (transforms sword into shield then into a bo staff then again into a mace)
She-Ra: Woo-hoo!
She-Ra: (transforms mace into a mug)
Catra: Oh, cute. You can turn your sword into stuff.
She-Ra: (gasps as Catra attacks)
Catra: Hey, Adora.
She-Ra: (transforms sword again from cup into some type of wind instrument) 
Catra: Did you mean to do that? If you did, it's a terrible weapon.
She-Ra: Is not.
-Scene changes to outside in the Whispering Woods-
Glimmer: (Teleports Micah's staff into her hand)
Frosta: How'd you do that?
Glimmer: [Shouts from Frosta scaring her]
Frosta: Can you teleport anything you want? Like a cannon? I can make ice cannonballs.
Glimmer: What? No. Just the staff. It was my dad's-- Ugh.
Glimmer: Actually, I was sort of in the middle of something here. Do you mind?
Frosta: It's more effective if you hit their core processing unit.
Glimmer: Ugh. I know. I was about to--
Frosta: Hey. There's another one. Let's get it.
Glimmer: [groans from Frosta running away]
-Scene changes back into the She-Ra/Catra fight in the cave-
Catra: What are you waiting for? You gonna play me a song on that thing?
She-Ra: (Swings the wind instrument at Catra but stops inches away from her)
Catra: I knew you couldn't do it.
- All at once, Catra and all of the surroundings dissolve in static, revealing the interior of the Crystal Castle.  She-Ra becomes Adora.  The holographic Light Hope appears beside her.
Adora: Did you have to make her so mean?
Light Hope: The simulation is designed for total accuracy.
Light Hope: Is the one you call Catra not mean?
Adora: No. She is.
Light Hope: There. There. (Attempts to pat Adora on the head but her hand just goes through)
-Scene change to outside in the Whispering Woods after the battle
Perfuma: The poor woods.
Perfuma: They'll never be able to regrow if the bots keep attacking.
Frosta: (Destroys bot that Bow was inspecting)
Bow: Hey!
Bow: I was looking at that.
Frosta: (smugly) You're welcome.
-Scene changes back into The Crystal Castle-
Adora: I've been training for a month and I haven't gotten any better.
Light Hope: This performance was, in fact, worse.
Light Hope: Please disregard. My human inspiration protocol is still in the beta stage.
Light Hope: Should I smile more? (smiles)
Adora: No, no. It's not you.
Adora: I wanna be the best She-Ra, I wanna protect the planet.
Adora: But Catra, she's just in my head.
Light Hope: She has access to your mainframe?
Adora: She isn't actually in my head.
Adora: When you grow up with someone, they know how to push your buttons.
Light Hope: I can relate. I also have buttons.
Light Hope: You have come a long way, but there is still much to do.
Light Hope: You must learn to master your emotions, or you are destined to repeat the mistakes of the last She-Ra.
Adora: No pressure, huh?
Light Hope: There is quite a bit of pressure.
Light Hope: Was that not clear?
Adora: Yeah, no, I got it. So much pressure.
Light Hope: Very well. You must learn by doing.
- A new hologram materializes with an enormous spider monster threatening Adora.  She gasps in surprise, then stands determinedly as she draws her sword -- which immediately transforms into a large fork.  She grunts in frustration, then brandishes the fork and leaps to the attack as the creature roars.
-Scene changes to the Fright Zone.  Horde cadets Lonnie, Kyle, and Rogelio are engaged in their own training session, under Catra’s supervision.  Lonnie and Rogelio defeat two small bots, holographically disguised as princesses, while a larger bot appears bearing the likeness of a menacing She-Ra.  Kyle panics and falls down, cowering with his hands over his head as the bot fires on him repeatedly.
Kyle: No. Oh, no. (falls down allowing the bot to hit him)
[robot powering down]
-The simulation ends revealing Catra in the background-
Catra: Who can tell me what Kyle did wrong?
Lonnie: Where do you start?
Catra: She-Ra is too strong to defeat with force alone.
Catra: But she's slow and easily manipulated.
-Simulation restarts and the bot powers back up-
Kyle: Not again.
- But Catra outmaneuvers the bot, landing on it’s head and ripping out its central processor, almost effortlessly.  She tosses the wrecked component to the floor. 
Catra: Fix this.
Catra: Then go again.
-Catra leaves them to it.  As she makes her way down the hallways, guards step aside respectfully to make way for her.  She smiles with a smug confidence, relishing her growing power and the respect it earns her.  She enters Entrapta’s “holding cell” and finds it completely transformed.
Catra: Huh?
Catra: What is all this junk?
Entrapta: Isn't it wonderful?
Entrapta: The stuff from my castle arrived.
- Catra shrieks with momentary startle at a small rodent-like robot under her foot.
Catra: Yeah. Wonderful. What's the report from the woods?
Entrapta: Oh! I just received a transmission from one of my bots.
- She and Scorpia settle themselves comfortably on a sofa before the large screen, a tray of small treats between them.  The footage shows bots being summarily wrecked by the princesses in the Whispering Woods.  They offer a scintillating commentary.
Scorpia: Oh, boy. (as a bot is destroyed)  Ouch.
Entrapta: Oh, wow, it just fell apart with one hit there, didn’t it.  I could definitely make some improvements.
Scorpia: Oh-ho, yeah! Game over.
Catra: It doesn't matter. We'll just send more bots, and more after that.  They'll be so busy defending their precious trees, we'll conquer the planet before they know what's happened.
-  Entrapta reaches out with one of her hair appendages and displays a crystal for Catra, markings of First Ones tech evident on its surface.
Entrapta: I have an even better idea.
-Scene change to Swift Wind bearing Adora back to Bright Moon from the Crystal Castle.  As they ride over the forest, Adora giggles with joy.  When they land, they meet with Glimmer and Bow.
Glimmer: You should've seen it. With the Moonstone super-charged, I've been so much more powerful. I took out, like, at least five bots.
Bow: Just like the day before, and the day before that.
Glimmer: So? What are we supposed to do? Not fight? We have to protect the woods.
Glimmer: The Horde is going to keep taking ground until it regrows.
Bow: I know, but how long can we keep this up? Did you learn anything from Light Hope?
Adora: Uh...
Adora: Getting way better at transforming my sword. Look.
Bow: A pitcher. [chuckles awkwardly]
Bow: That's so useful.
Glimmer: We can picnic once the woods regrow.
Frosta: We should turn it into a dagger.
Frosta: See me take out that bot with daggers?
Glimmer: Where did you come from?
Frosta: I've been here the whole time.
Adora: [Shrugs I don't know]
Glimmer: Well, we have to go. We have an important meeting.
Frosta: The war council? I'm heading there, too. Better hurry, you're gonna be late.
Bow: Do we have a new addition to the Best Friends Squad?
Glimmer: Shut up. Ugh.
- They arrive in the Council Chamber, where they meet with Queen Angella, her General Juliet, Castaspella, Swift Wind, and the other Princesses:  Mermista, Perfuma, Netossa, and Spinerella.
Perfuma: [to Mermista] Sorry, heh, I think that's my chair.
Mermista: Yeah, don't you find it helpful to shift perspectives sometimes?
Glimmer: Aunt Casta! You made it.
Castaspella: I wouldn't miss it, dearest.
Castaspella: The first war room of the new alliance. How exciting.
Angella: Yes.  It’s a shame you couldn't be at the battle where the alliance was formed. 
Castaspella: I knew you'd bring that up again.
Angella: We have a great deal to discuss.  Everyone.  Please take your seats.
Angella: Swift Wind, what news do you bring from your scouting in the west?
Swift Wind: The Horde has gained more territory in the west.  But with the help of Netossa and Spinnerella, our forces have managed to re-capture Thaymor. Again.
- Netossa and Spinerella happily bump fists.
Swift Wind: Also, why don't I get a chair? If everyone else has a chair, I want a chair.
Angella: A chair. Of course. I will see to it.
Angella: Commander Glimmer, how goes the situation in the Whispering Woods?
Glimmer: I'm happy to report that we are handling bots, and protecting the woods while it regrows.  Which it is doing.  Very.  Slowly.
Perfuma: Maybe it's time we stop fighting and start healing.  My powers aren't strong enough to regrow the entire woods on my own, but when we princesses worked together in harmony during the battle of Bright Moon, our powers grew.  We should try to recapture that energy.  Maybe we should hold hands and think healing thoughts.
- Mermista groans and cringes as Perfuma holds her hand and begins to hum.
Bow: If I may, Your Majesty.  We can't go on like this.  We're defeating the bots, but more keep coming.  While we're using our resources to hold our borders, the Horde hasn't had to deploy a single soldier.
Adora: Typical Catra!
Bow: I've only been able to recover pieces, [enunciating, pointedly looking toward Glimmer and Frosta] seeing as we have never not completely demolished one of these things.  But if we could capture a whole bot, I might be able to program a kill switch.  We could wipe them all out without draining our forces.
Angella: An excellent idea, Bow. This could turn the tide for us.  Glimmer, you will take your patrol out, and capture a bot for Bow to study and carry out his plan.
- Glimmer rises proudly and starts moves to exit the chamber, but Frosta grabs her arm.
Frosta: Commander, I have some ideas to improve our efficiency. First, we should all have code names.
Frosta: I'd like to be Frostbite. And you could be Sparklebomb. Second--
Glimmer: (interrupting) Oh, uh, Frosta.  I need you toooo . . . stay back and help Spinnerella and Netossa guard the castle!  Great. Thanks!
- Glimmer teleports away, to Frosta’s frustration.
- Inside Hordak's chamber in the Fright Zone, Scorpia displays a map of Horde encampments while Catra narrates.
Catra: With the woods frozen and the princesses distracted by the bots, we've been able to gain significant new ground.
Hordak: You have not disappointed me, Force Captain.  Clearly, I was wise to promote you.
- Catra sees past Hordak’s chair, where Entrapta is eagerly scuttling back and forth, scrounging around the equipment.
Entrapta: (In the background) I'm just gonna borrow this.
Entrapta: (In the background) Oh, what is that?
Catra: Uh, yes. We've kept the princesses distracted, but we could be doing more.
Catra: We should be working to take them out, once and for all.
Catra: Isn't that right, Entrapta? Entrapta!
Entrapta: Oh, right.
Entrapta: May I introduce Emily's Kid Sister.
Entrapta: EKS for short. With First Ones tech at its core, this little beauty has enough power to rival a princess.
- After patting it affectionately, she uses a hand blaster to melt a hole in one of its legs.  After a moment, the metal just grows back, whole again.  Entrapta smiles proudly.
Hordak: Impressive indeed. And you can make more of these?
Entrapta: Yes! I mean, no. I mean, I could.  But I only had enough First Ones tech to make four.
Catra: But I know where we can get more.
- On the edge of the Whispering Woods, Glimmer is leading her mission with Bow and the princesses.
Glimmer: Okay. We'll split up to cover the most ground.  Adora, Bow and I will go east. Mermista and Perfuma, you go west.  Swift Wind, cover the sky and tell us when there's a bot nearby.
Bow: And, remember, we want an intact bot.
Mermista: What if it's just, like, a little waterlogged?
Perfuma: And also covered in ferns that secrete corrosive poison?
- Frosta pops out suddenly from behind Perfuma.
Frosta: Or what if it's totally smashed by my ice hammer?
Glimmer: Frosta! [sighs]  You're supposed to be defending the castle with Netossa and Spinnerella.
Frosta: I know I ignored orders, but, no offense, those orders were wrong.  You need me here.
Glimmer: You can't just run off whenever you want.
Frosta: But I did. And I'm here now. And I'm not going back.
Glimmer: Fine. You can be in Mermista and Perfuma's patrol.
Frosta: I'm going with you.
Glimmer: Don't push your luck.
- The heroes make their way farther into the woods.  Hiding behind foliage at the edge of a clearing, they observe one of Entrapta’s new, larger robots, scuttling on its three spiky legs, thoroughly and efficiently scanning the woods around it with the turreted electronic eye atop its half-dome body.  Bow eyes it with some trepidation.
Bow: Uh, guys?  That thing is way more advanced than usual.
Glimmer: Where is it going? Why isn't it attacking the woods?
- Adora impulsively springs out and attacks the bot, leaping onto its flat upper surface and impaling it with her sword . It shuts down.  She taps its turret, and it is still.
Adora: It's still just a Horde bot. We know how to handle--
- She is interrupted as the bot suddenly restarts and throws her violently off.  Her friends hurry up to her, as she shakes herself out of her daze.
Adora: Okay. [coughs] That's new.
- The bot approaches and towers above them.  Glimmer teleports over it, and with a battle-cry, slams her staff into its “face.”
Glimmer: Ha!
- The Bot reaches up with one of its legs, grabs Glimmer in a pincer, and tosses her into the woods.
Bow: It's learning!
Adora: [determinedly] Yeah, well, I'm about to teach it something.  For the honor of Grayskull!
- Adora transforms to She-Ra, and rushes at it, deflecting its energy bolts back at it and relentlessly smashing it with her sword.  The bot tosses her a distance away, and as she recovers, it flips over, runs at her and smashes down, trapping her on the ground.  It then begins to emit a loud alarm sound that echoes through the woods.  After a few moments, She-Ra breaks free by kicking the bot high overhead.  It lands heavily, its legs shattering.  She stands, smiling proudly, facing the others.  Bow looks stricken.
She-Ra: What?  We'll capture another bot. That one had it coming.  
- Bow looks nervous, eyes wide, pointing behind her.
She-Ra: Yeesh. I'm sorry I destroyed it.
- Bow and Glimmer point, and She-Ra turns around to see what they see.  The robot is repairing itself, actually growing a new limb before their eyes, as they all gasp.
Swift Wind: Ooh, that's unnatural. Even for a robot.
- Three more identical robots suddenly appear, crawling over the hill to surround them.  Clearly, they have responded to the first robot’s call.  
- Adora reacts by channeling more power into her sword, which glows brightly and transforms -- into an umbrella.  She-Ra is stares in astonishment, then groans and sags in defeat.
- As the nearest bot approaches them, Frosta suddenly jumps out of nowhere on to the bot and smashes it with her ice-gauntleted fists.
Glimmer: [In concern] Frosta! Do you even listen when people tell you things?
Frosta: [Yelling] What?
Glimmer: Get away from that bot!
Frosta: It’s the bot you should be worried about!
- The bot picks up Frosta and throws her off a cliff.
Glimmer: Frosta!
- Glimmer teleports to catch her, then teleports both of them safely to the ground.
- At the same time, the others are surrounded, and all the bots pause, play their beams over them to scan them, then seem to lose interest in them, marching determinedly off in the same direction.  The trio watches them go, stunned.
- Glimmer and Frosta land safely in the part of the forest by Perfuma and Mermista.
Perfuma: There you are. We've been looking everywhere for you.
Mermista: Yeah. Everywhere.
Glimmer: That was incredibly stupid! You could've gotten hurt, or gotten one of us hurt!
Frosta: I was just trying to help.
Glimmer: This is serious, not a game. You need to stop getting in our way!
- Glimmer looks instantly regretful, shocked at her own words.  Frosta starts crying, then runs off.
Glimmer: Frosta, wait.
Mermista: Ouch.
Bow, She-Ra, and Swift Wind emerge from the edge of the clearing.
Bow: The Horde's new bots are too fast and too smart.  We'll never be able to catch one. I thought I could help, and be the Rebellion's tech master. But that was obviously a dumb idea.
She-Ra: It wasn't. You're the only one who came up with a real plan.  Without it, we'd still just be reacting to the bots.  We need to stop letting the Horde manipulate us.  So let's put our heads together and think.
- They all smile in agreement, then pause, considering together.
Bow: Those bots weren't interested in the woods.  And, they only defended themselves long enough to get away.
Mermista: Well, that means attacking us wasn't their mission.
Swift Wind: And they all ran off in the same direction. 
Perfuma: So whatever they're after is that way.
She-Ra: The only thing that's in that direction is -- the Beacon.  I know where the bots are going. And I’ve got an idea for how to stop them.  Frosta, do you think you can--? Where's Frosta?
Glimmer: [guiltily] I’ll go find her.
- She finds her, sitting atop a large, lonely boulder, hugging her knees.
Frosta: Come to yell at me more? I just wanted to be your friend.
Glimmer: By ignoring us and throwing yourself into danger?
Frosta: Sorry I don't know how to act. I've never had any friends before!  
- Glimmer teleports to sit beside her.
Frosta: I was eight when I took over the throne.  It’s kind of hard to make friends when everyone is your sworn subject.
Glimmer: I know how you feel. I didn't have any friends before Bow and Adora.
Frosta: You? Figured everyone would wanna be your friend.
Glimmer: Yeah, definitely not everyone.  And I'm still learning how to be a good friend, too.  I’m sorry I yelled. It's just -- I guess you remind me of... me.  And I can do some really dangerous stuff sometimes.
Frosta: [Her eyes shining] I remind you of you?
Glimmer: Ugh. And I even sounded like my mom when I yelled at you.  Please don't make me do that again. 
Frosta: Deal.  Does that mean we're friends? 
Glimmer: Yes.  And we -- I could really use your help.
Frosta: You want me to come back?! I knew we'd make a great team!  So, should I do ice hammers or daggers? You're right, one of each!!
- Glimmer groans, but smiles.
- As Entrapta’s superbots approach the great Beacon, Catra watches, along with Scorpia and Entrapta, through the bot eyes on a monitor screen in Entrapta’s room back at the Fright Zone.
Catra: That place has enough First Ones tech inside to power a whole armada of robots forever.
Entrapta: Ahhh, I want that!
- Catra gasps as a huge impact causes the robots to shake and the display to wobble.  The bots look around, to see Frosta and Glimmer standing nearby.
Frosta: Ice of you to drop in!
- The nearest bot immediately launches to the attack, firing bolts at the duo, who teleport away just in time.  Then, a mace blindsides the robot, wielded by She-Ra, who has just arrived with the others.
She-Ra: [commanding the others] Switch things up. Keep them guessing.
- She concentrates, and her sword becomes a coffee mug of power.  She groans.
Bow: We just need to capture one. Take the others out. 
- Bow fires three arrows at once, skewering the eye of one of the bots.  Perfuma and Mermista appear, unleashing viny and watery destruction at their foes.  Together their forces burst one of the bots.  But another lands heavily over them.  Mermista groans uncertainly as the bot overshadows them.
- Scorpia and Entrapta enthusiastically cheer from their seats on the sofa in the Fright Zone, while Catra glowers darkly, scraping her claw along the arm of the sofa.
Scorpia: One bot down, but three to go!
Entrapta: Fight, EKS’s, fight!
- As Mermista and Perfuma are pinned down by the bot, Glimmer and Frosta arrive to the rescue, smashing in the turret.  Perfuma ensnares the bot in creepers, while Glimmer deals the death-blow with her staff.
Frosta: Showed you, bot-face!
- In the Fright Zone, the display goes dead.
Scorpia: Ooh, he is not recovering from that.
Entrapta: [wrapping her face in hair] Ahhhh, I can't look. Tell me what's happening. No, don't.
- The display switches to another bot’s view, and Catra gasps as a very powerful and determined She-Ra fills the screen.
- The bot strikes, but She-Ra flips backwards out of the way, landing on her feet and transforming her sword again -- this time into a length of rope.  She groans in frustration and berates it.
She-Ra: Why can't you be what I want you to be?!!!
- But, she directs her rage to the task at hand, running at the huge bot, tossing the grapple-end of the rope to entangle one of its legs, then circling the bot and sliding under it so that it is completely ensnared, whipping the rope and sending the bot tumbling.  She-Ra looks on it approvingly, clearly impressed with the result.
She-Ra: [smiling] Hmm.
- She approaches the bot, climbs atop its dome, and places a boot triumphantly on the head with the glowing eye.  She speaks directly through the monitor, before smashing in the eye with her fist.
She-Ra: Hey, Catra.
- They observe on the Fright Zone monitor as She-Ra draws back her fist and kills the image with a mighty smash.
Scorpia: It’s okay. We have two left.
- Catra approaches the controls and presses the destruct signal on the bots.
Entrapta: [pleading] Do you have tooooo?
Catra; Whatever. We'll find more tech.
- She-Ra stands atop the smashed bot, happily calling to Bow.
She-Ra: Bow, look! I got one.
Bow: [noticing the rapidly blinking light on the bot] Adora! Get away from it!
- It explodes violently, sending She-Ra flying.  She is dazed as Bow rushes to her aid.
She-Ra: What just happened . . .? 
Bow: It looks like the bots can self-destruct.
She-Ra: [groans] Catra.
- The bot that is fending off Glimmer and Frosta suddenly stops, standing still with its light blinking and bleeping.
Bow: We can't let that one self-destruct!
She-Ra: Everyone together!
- Glimmer blasts the robot, knocking it back.  Then She-Ra rushes the bot and punches it half-way up the side of a cliff.  Bow groans in dismay.
She-Ra: [sheepishly] Whoopsies.
Now, it’s Mermista’s and Frosta’s turn.
Mermista: You ready, Ice Princess?
Frosta: [Giggling] Yeah!!
- Mermista sends a wave to sweep and hold the bot in place, and Frosta freezes the water solid. Then Perfuma, sends beautiful vines to further stabilize the massive ice spike.  Bow leaps on top of the bot, quickly pries open a panel on the side, and removes a large electronic component.  The bot goes dead.
Bow: [Holding the tech overhead in triumph] Ha, ha!
- As the princesses cheer, they suddenly begin to glow, each bathed in the light of one of the colors of the rainbow.  They stop and look around, wonderingly.
Perfuma: [gasps] Look!
- Around them, the rocky ground is blooming with myriad wild flowers.
Frosta: Whoaaaa! Did we do that?
Perfuma: [Ecstatic, touching the flowers] We did, all of us working together!!!
- As the others smile in joy, Perfuma runs to embrace Mermista, who gives her a gentle reminder.
Mermista: [kindly] Personal space.
- In the hallways of the Fright Zone, a door alarm buzzes as Catra enters Shadow Weaver’s cell, where she lies on the floor, miserably shackled.
Catra: You look terrible.
Shadow Weaver: Catra.  It's been so long. I assumed Hordak finally realized what a lazy, worthless creature you are and banished you.
Catra: Just the opposite. Hordak values me.  I've been busy helping the Horde get closer than ever to defeating the Rebellion. His words.
Shadow Weaver: If you're doing so well, why are you here?  It's Adora, isn't it?
Catra: [Fiercely, her voice cracking with rage] So?! I let her win one.  We're gaining ground, and our armies are growing!  When they're ready to roll out, I will be at the head!!  And you'll be here rotting.
- Catra takes a deep breath, turns away from Shadow Weaver, and composes herself.  She smiles.
Catra: Thanks. I needed this.
- Back in Bright Moon, in a luxurious room that could be a pampered study, the five princess heroes are gathered.  Perfuma sits on a large pillow cushion next to Mermista, who sits cross-legged and cross-armed on the floor.  Glimmer sits with Frosta on a large sofa/bed tenderly brushing Frosta’s hair, while Adora sits on the other side of Frosta, carefully and expertly bandaging her wrist and hand.
Frosta: So, we're okay now that the woods are growing back.  Right?
Adora: Light Hope says there's still a lot to fix with the planet, but at least it won't be as easy for the Horde to attack us.
Frosta: Thanks again for saving me, you know, after that bot threw me off the cliff.
- Glimmer: Friends stick together. No princess left behind.
- They laugh happily together.
- Elsewhere, in his room in the Bright Moon Castle, Bow has the disabled (but not destroyed) bot laid out on the floor, and he is recording with his tracker pad as he prepares to study it.
Bow: Uh, okay. I'm talking into this recorder because that's what the best scientist I ever knew did.  I'm not really sure who I'm talking to. Me, I guess.  So, hi, Future Bow.  We're about to open this thing.
- With anticipation, he opens the head of the bot and extracts a large crystal, incised with ancient cryptic script.  To his surprise.
Bow: First Ones tech?  But the only one who knew how to use that was--
- Suddenly, realization hits him.
Bow: Hold onto your hat, Future Bow. Entrapta's alive . . . And we left her behind.
[closing theme playing]
     
(Credits Roll)