Adora's bedroom in Bright Moon
Adora: (groaning)
Shadow Weaver reaching for sleeping
Adora
Adora (shouts)
Shadow Weaver: Adora... (moans,
collapses)
Adora: Shadow Weaver?
theme song plays
Scene changes to Bright Moon's hallway
Queen Angella: Double the perimeter,
and triple it at the Moonstone. No one sleeps until we figure out how
Shadow Weaver got into the castle.
Castaspella: Why are we stopping here?
Angella: This where we're holding the
prisoner.
Castaspella: This is your prison?
Angella: Well, technically it's the
spare room, but it is more than adequate as a holding cell. We
removed the cushions. (pause) Most of the cushions.
Adora: This is the prison?
Angella: Yes, it's the prison. 
Adora: Your Majesty, I know Shadow
Weaver. I know her tricks. I need to be there for the interrogation,
I'm the only one who –
Angella: Shadow Weaver is dangerous. I
will not let that woman near you. Near any of you. You are to stay
away from this room. 
Adora: But, Your Majesty --
Angella: That is final.
Castaspella and Angella enter the
prison
Adora (growls) :  I need to get in
there. Shadow Weaver could have gone anywhere, but she came here. I
need to know why. If the queen would just listen to me –
Glimmer: Adora, maybe this is for the
best. Shadow Weaver raised you. She knows how to get in your head. We
can't risk her manipulating you.
Adora: That won't happen. (yawns) Fine.
I guess we should all just head back to bed, get some sleep, heh, let
the obviously unqualified Bright Moon Guards handle this. 
Bright Moon Guard (yawns) 
Bow: You're gonna try and sneak in,
aren't you?
Adora: What? No. (chuckles) (panting
while running)
Glimmer: No! (Glimmer teleports Adora)

Scene changes to inside Bright Moon
prison

Shadow Weaver: Where –? where am I?
(magical shield thrums at her touch) (She grunts)
Angella: You're in the Bright Moon
prison.
Shadow Weaver: This is a prison? 
Angella: Why does everyone keep –? Of
course, this is a prison. (groans)
Shadow Weaver: You must be Glimmer's
mother. I can tell the the way your voice grows shrill when you
scream.
Angella: How dare you?
Castaspella: Shadow Weaver. You will
answer for the crimes you committed during the time as my brother's
teacher.
Shadow Weaver: Oh, yes. Sweet, talented
Micah. 
Angella: You will not speak his name.
Shadow Weaver: I'm not the one who got
him killed. 
Angella (snarls)
Shadow Weaver (coughs)
Angella: Tell us why you are here. 
Shadow Weaver: I have vital information
to defeat the Horde, but I will only speak to Adora. 

Scene changes to the Fright Zone

(security alarm blaring, gate clangs
open)
Catra (gasping)
Scorpia: Catra! Catra, I found you. 
Catra: Scorpia? How did you get in
here?
Scorpia: Oh, boy. It was quite the
heist. [she remembers] (humming) Fright Zone guard (screams) after
she threw him 
Scorpia: Very high-level, dangerous
stuff. Now come on, I'm busting you out. We don't have a lot of time
before – 
Catra: Before what?
Scorpia: Uh... Hordak. He's called an
assembly to witness you punishment. But I'm sure it's – It's
probably nothing, but whatever it is, I won't let it happen. I'm
gonna get you out of here. Gosh, these buttons are tiny. Just so
small. Ah, hit the wrong one. (laughs) Okay, just a second. Oh,
shoot, not that one. 
Catra: Stop it. I never stood a chance.
I did everything right. I thought I could prove myself, but it
doesn't matter what I do, I don't get to win. Shadow Weaver was
right. 
Scorpia: She's not right. Don't give up
yet. I can save you. 
Catra: You really care, don't you? 
Scorpia: Of course, I care. You're
Catra. You're our leader, You're... You're my friend. You're
everything to me. 
Catra (laughs) : Caring about people is
what got me into this mess. Get our of here, or they'll take you down
with me. 
Scorpia: What? 
Catra: Are you stupid? I said, leave.
Guards!

Scene switches to Glimmers bedroom,
Bright Moon. 

The trio in Glimmer's bed, Glimmer
asleep. Bow and Adora facing each other. Adora's eyes close, Bow's
eyes close. Adora opens eyes, sneaks out.
Glimmer (transports) : Adora!
(transports with Adora)
Adora climbing Bright Moon's castle
wall. Glimmer (transports) 
Adora in Bright Moon Guard uniform:
(clears throat) I'm, uh, here to relive you of your duty. (shouts,
chuckles)
Glimmer (transports) (transports with
Adora)
In Glimmer's room
Adora: Look, I told you, I just need to
talk to her. 
Glimmer: Ugh, Adora, Shadow Weaver will
try to hurt you again. 
Adora: You don't know that. 
Glimmer: Yes, I do. She's from the
Horde. She's evil. Evil people don't change. 
Adora: I'm from the Horde. I changed.
Bow: That's different. You're not like
them. You're good, and kind, and – 
Adora: And She-Ra? (sword thrums) I was
just like the rest of them, and then I left. Not because I picked up
this Sword, but because it was the right thing to do. I have to
believe that the others can change too, even Shadow Weaver. Just –
Just trust me, okay? I'm strong enough to face her now. I need to
know if she's truly changed. If the woman who raised me still has
some good deep down inside her. Deep, deep down inside her.  
Bow: We trust you, but we won't let you
face her alone. Now, what do you need us to do? 

Scene changes to the prison.
Castaspella: Now for the last time,
tell us what you know. (truth spell hums)
Shadow Weaver: I know that when you
cast a truth spell, you should make sure you've drawn it correctly.
Sloppy work. Are you sure you're Micah's sister? 
Castaspella: (growls) 
Angella: She's trying to get under our
skin.
Shadow Weaver: You could spare yourself
the trouble if you would just let me talk to Adora. 
Angella: No, you've put that girl
through enough. Now tell us the truth. Why did the Horde send you
here? What are you planning?
Shadow Weaver (laughs): You think
Hordak sent me? I escaped from Hordak and paid the price for it. 
Angella: You're... You're dying, aren't
you? 
Castaspella: Angella, can I speak with
you for a moment? (they enter the hallway) This isn't working. We've
tried everything, and her condition is growing worse. Perhaps we
should let Adora –
Angella: That is not going to happen. 
Bow: You guys go in. I'll distract
them.
Glimmer (teleports Adora) 
Angella: We should consult with the
Princess Alliance before we go further.
Bow: Your Majesties. Hey. So, who wants
to see a magic trick? 
Shadow Weaver (coughing) : Adora. 
Glimmer: Listen up, lady. After all
your kidnapping and mind-wiping, I am just looking for a reason to
serve up a little payback. So, if you do anything to hurt Adora –
Adora: Glimmer. I've to this. 
Shadow Weaver: Look at you, my Adora. 
Adora: You snuck into Bright Moon. Why?
That's the only reason we're speaking. 
Shadow Weaver: To see you. You are the
only one I can trust. I've missed you, my child. 
Adora: We're past that. Try again. 
Shadow Weaver: Clever. You always were.
From the moment I laid eyes on you, I know you were different. You
were - 
Adora: Special? No. What you always
told me was that I didn't matter. I was special only as long as I
obeyed you. Why are you here? 
Shadow Weaver (coughing)
Adora: What? What's happening to you? 
Shadow Weaver: It took all of my
magical power to come to you. I am dying, Adora. 
Adora: You're lying.
Glimmer: Adora. I don't think she is. 
Adora: For the Honor of Grayskull. 
Shadow Weaver (gasps) 
She-Ra: I don't know why you're here,
but I won't let you suffer like this. I'm going to heal you, Shadow
Weaver, and then you will answer our questions. Do we have a deal? 
Glimmer: Adora, you don't know how to
heal. 
She-Ra: I can figure it out. She'll die
if I don't. 
Shadow Weaver: Maybe I can help. I was
once a teacher of magic in Mystacor. I trained your father, Princess.
I can help you control your magic, Adora but first... you must trust
me. 
She-Ra: Fine, but in return, you trust
me. Trust that I'm not stupid. Trust that I'll see right through your
mind games. Stop lying for once and trust me with the truth. 

Scene changes to Hordak's lab
Hordak (yells) 
Entrapta: Hordak, great. I've got a lot
to cover with you today. I've integrated the First Ones tech from the
Northern Reach to our portal machine, but we're still missing
something. Luckily, I just picked up a signal. It's some sort of
First Ones message. I don't know what these other words are, but this
one's easy. It means “portal”. It could be the missing something
we're looking for. Where's Catra? We should send her out ASAP.
Hordak: Catra is no longer a concern of
yours. She's been sent to Beast Island. 
Entrapta: I'm confused. As you can see
the overall productivity of the Horde has increased by 400 percent
since Catra has been you second-in-command. And look at this chart. 
Hordak (grunts)
Entrapta: The evidence shows that First
Ones tech has gotten us closer than ever to creating a working
portal. Catra has been incredibly successful at getting the new tech
for us. And this latest signal is coming for here, the Crimson Waste.
We don't have a moment to spare. We need Catra. 
Hordak (snarls): It is meaningless. I'm
not going to squander troops on a lifeless wasteland. This discussion
is over. 
Entrapta (sighs) 

scene changes to Bright Moon Prison

Shadow Weaver: You are a Princess, so,
you have a Runestone. Yours dwells there, within your sword. With it,
you channel the elemental magic of Etheria. Let it flow through the
sword and into you. You must learn to concentrate. Focus your power. 
She-Ra (grunts): I've tried this
before. I can't get it to work. What do I do? Point the sword at you,
or what? 
Shadow Weaver: Calm down. Your
frustration will cause the energy you produce to become destructive
if you're not careful. There must be peace in your mind if you are to
heal. Come closer and allow me to help you. 
Magical barrier pulses
Glimmer (gasps) 
Shadow Weaver: You are afraid, but
refuse to admit it. Afraid of your power, of it spiraling out of
control. Let yourself feel it, then move past it. (coughs) You are
greater than your fear.
Sword of Protection and She-Ra thrum
Glimmer (gasps): Wow.
Angella: What are you doing? 
Bow: I'm sorry. I tried. 
Shadow Weaver (gasps) 
Everyone (exclaims)
Sword of Protection pulses, She-Ra
transforms into Adora
Glimmer: Adora!
Angella: I told you both to stay out of
here. 
Glimmer: She's She-Ra mom. What do you
expect me to do? 
Adora: I held up my end. Now you hold
up yours. Why are you here? 
Shadow Weaver (laughs): You want the
truth? I have nowhere left to go. Catra betrayed me. Hordak cast me
aside. I want to take them down. And helping you is the best way to
do it. Hordak has been working for years to build a machine capable
of opening a portal through the fabric of space. He intends to bring
the rest of the Horde's armies through this portal and use them to
conquer Etheria, once and for all. 
Angella: Armies? There's more of the
Horde? 
Shadow Weaver: A force so large, you
cannot even comprehend it. You have struggled to hold off Hordak's
paltry troops for years. You will stand no chance against the full
might of the Horde. 
Adora: What makes yo think he's close
to finishing this portal machine now?
Shadow Weaver: Because he has something
he didn't have before. A Princess who knows how to combine First Ones
technology with the Horde's machines. 
Bow: Entrapta. That's why she's been
after all that First Ones tech. 
Glimmer: How stupid do you think we
are? She knows the Horde is losing, and she's trying to scare us. 
Portals to other worlds? It's ridiculous. 
Shadow Weaver: I know how this must
sound. We on Etheria have no concept of a universe beyond our reach.
And yet, the evidence stands before us. 
Adora: Me? 
Shadow Weaver: Hordak succeeded once
before. Years ago, he opened a portal. It was only for a moment. And
in that, a child came through. [memory of baby Adora crying] That
child was you, Adora. You were brought through a portal from another
world.
Adora: What? 
Glimmer: Leave her alone. You're lying,
we all know it. You lie about everything. 
Shadow Weaver: I gain nothing from
lying. Adora is different from us. Do you think just anyone could
bring a dying woman back to life? Not quite the reunion you pictured,
is it? Perhaps you would have preferred the comfort of lies. 
Castaspella: I think that's quite
enough. 
Bow: Don't listen to her, Adora. 
Adora (gasps) runs away
Glimmer: Where are you going? Adora? 

Scene switches to the Whispering Woods
Swift Wind (whinnies) 

Scene switches to the Crystal Castle

Door whooshes open. 
Adora: Light Hope. I know you're here. 
Light Hope: Greetings, Adora. I was not
expecting you for training today. But this shows an uptick in you
dedication. 
Adora: You said you've been watching me
since I was an infant. So, you must know what I really am. Where I
came from. 
Light Hope (trills)
Adora: Answer me! 
Light Hope: It is true. You are not of
Etheria. 
Adora: Why didn't you tell me? 
Light Hope: Explain. Why are you asking
about events in you own memory banks? 
Adora: My what? 
Light Hope: Why are you asking for the
clarification of events you witnessed? 
Adora: I was a baby. Babies don't
remember things. 
Light Hope: Interesting. I shall make a
note of this. 
Adora: Light Hope, where did I come
from? 
Crystal Castle panels whoosh
Adora (gasps) 
Light Hope (constructs a visual
memory): This is the portal that you came through, Adora. (portal
whirs, baby Adora crying) The Horde stole you, turned you into a
soldier for their war. I could not stop them. So, I watched and
waited for the day I could unite you with the Sword. 
Adora: The Sword. These powers. 
Light Hope: The First Ones came from
beyond the stars. They made the sword so that it would only respond
to one of their own kind. 
Adora: I'm... I'm a First One? 
Light Hope: You are upset. I do not
understand. 
Adora: Did I have a family? Could I go
back? A portal brought me here, could a portal take me... Home?
Light Hope: When Mara cut us off from
the rest of the universe, she destroyed our portal capabilities.
Attempting to open on now would have devastating consequences. 
Adora: Mara. She must have come from
the same place I did. Why did she do it?
Light Hope: It is irrelevant. This is
your home now. As She-Ra, you – 
Adora: You aren't listening to me!
Light Hope: You are behaving
erratically. To bear the power of She-Ra is an honor. 
Adora: Don't I get a say in what
happens to me? Don't I get a choice? 
Light Hope: No. This is you destiny.
You do not choose. You were chosen. Adora. Adora. Where are you
going? It is happening again. 

Scene changes to Glimmer's bedroom

Glimmer: We shouldn't have ever let her
talk to Adora. I can't even imagine what she must be feeling. 
Adora (opens door) 
Glimmer: Ah. Adora.
Bow: Are you okay? 
Adora: I'm not sure yet. But I think I
know what I have to do. My hole life, people have been hiding the
truth from me. So, I'm gonna look for answers myself. Mara started
all of this when she stranded Etheria. She's the only clue we have
about portals, and... And me. I'm going to the Crimson Waste. I'm
going to follow the message from Mara. I know it's incredibly
dangerous, but this is my choice. You don't have to come with me. 
Glimmer: Adora. Of course we're going
with you. 
Bow: You think you could get us to stay
behind if you tried? 
All (chuckling) 

scene switches to Hordak's throne room 

Hordak: I want you all to watch and
learn. There is nothing I do not know. Nothing I am not willing to do
to punish those who betray my trust. Your former Force Captain has
proven to be compromised, ineffective, and worthless. To the rest of
you, take a lesson from this. This is what happens to failures. 
Catra: You're the failure. 
All (gasp)
Catra (laughs): You need me, just like
you needed Shadow Weaver, because you have no idea how to run this
place. All you know how to do is hide in your lab. Maybe that's why
you can't defeat a group of teenagers. 
Scorpia (gasps): Oh, Catra...
Hordak (growls): Save you little
speech. There has been a change of plan. 
Entrapta: Hi, Catra. I saved your life.
You're welcome. (chuckles) 
Catra: I don't understand. 
Hordak: Entrapta has interceded on your
behalf. You should be thanking her. Instead of the many punishments I
intended, you are being sent to retrieve First Ones tech for us –
in the Crimson Waste. 
Catra: The Crimson Waste? It's a total
dead zone. Nothing survives out there. 
Hordak (laughs): Exactly. 
Catra (gasps) 

end credits roll