Ostrich horses are drinking water from a river as Appa, Aang, and Sokka fly over them.
Sokka: So, what kind of trouble is Katara in?
Aang: I don't know. In my vision, I just knew she needed help.
Sokka: It would be nice if your Avatar powers could be just a little more specific from time to time. [He looks down and notices a mound of earth passing nearby, heading to the wall.] What is that?
They fly down and follow the mound. Toph is seen still earth surfing. Aang and Sokka come down beside her.
Sokka: Need a ride?
Toph becomes startled at the sound of Sokka's voice and falls backward off of the mound. Sokka and Aang cringe upon seeing her fall. Scene changes to Azula speaking to the Dai Li.
Azula: [While pacing back and forth.] The Earth King and the Council of Five do not trust the Dai Li. They imprisoned your leader, Long Feng. Soon they will turn on all of you and eliminate you. Seizing power today is a matter of life and death. [As she talks, an agent with a mustache starts looking nervous and slightly lowers his head.] This coup must be swift and decisive. The Earth King and each of the five generals must be taken out simultaneously. Long Feng has placed you in my command while we overthrow the government. [Walks over to her left, to another agent with a tiny, vertical scar on his right cheek. When she nears him, she stares sideways at the agent while still addressing all the agents.] If I sense any disloyalty, any hesitation, any weakness at all, [She stops right in front of the scarred agent.] I will snuff it out. [She continues walking, with the eyes of the now nervous scarred agent following her.] That is all.
The Dai Li leave, and Azula walks up to Ty Lee, who is pouring tea.
Ty Lee: Nice speech, Azula. It was pretty and poetic, but also scary in a good way. [She hands the cup to Azula. Camera pans over to a close-up of Mai.]
Mai: [Amused.] Yeah. I thought you were going to make that one guy pee his pants.
Azula: There are still a few loose ends. The Avatar, and my brother and uncle.
Scene fades to outside the Royal Palace, where Zuko and Iroh begin walking toward it.
Iroh: Many times I imagined myself here, at the threshold of the palace. [Camera pans to show the Earth Kingdom Emblem above the palace doors.] But I always thought I would be here as a conqueror. Instead, we are the Earth King's personal guests, here to serve him tea. Destiny is a funny thing.
Zuko: It sure is, Uncle.
Scene changes back to Appa, Toph, Aang, and Sokka still flying back to the Palace. Toph is seen holding onto Sokka's arm so she does not fall.
Toph: So how did it go with the guru? Did you master the Avatar State?
Aang: Uh ...
Aang looks down and thinks back to what Guru Pathik said before he left.
Pathik: If you leave now, you won't be able to go into the Avatar State at all!
Fades back to the present.
Sokka: Aang, are you okay?
Aang: I'm great! It went great with the guru. I completely mastered the Avatar State. [He laughs nervously and looks down.] Yeah.
Scene changes back to the Royal Palace, where Zuko and Iroh are sitting at a table in a room, waiting for the Earth King. Iroh pours some tea into a cup.
Zuko: What's taking so long?
Iroh: Maybe the Earth King overslept.
Dai Li agents begin to circle around the two.
Zuko: Something's not right.
Azula walks past the Dai Li and comes in front of her brother outside the circle of Dai Li agents.
Azula: It's tea time!
Zuko: [He quickly stands up.] Azula!
Azula: Have you met the Dai Li? They're earthbenders, but they have a killer instinct that's so firebender. I just love it.
Camera pans over to show Iroh picking up his cup of tea.
Iroh: Did I ever tell you how I got the nickname "The Dragon of the West"?
Azula: I'm not interested in a lengthy anecdote, Uncle. [She looks at her nails condescendingly.]
Iroh: It's more of a demonstration, really.
Iroh begins drinking his tea. Zuko looks over at him and smiles before going behind him. Iroh begins breathing fire. Cut to a corridor outside the room as a fire blast makes a hole in the wall, allowing Iroh and Zuko to escape. The Dai Li agents begin shooting some rock gloves at them, but miss as Zuko and Iroh turn around the corner. Iroh generates lightning and destroys the wall in front before jumping down, yelling, into a bush below. Zuko stops at the edge.
Iroh: Come on! You'll be fine!
Zuko: No! I'm tired of running! It's time I faced Azula!
Zuko turns around and walks back. Iroh smacks his head upon hearing this and runs away.
Azula: You're so dramatic. What? Are you going to challenge me to an Agni Kai?
Zuko: Yes! I challenge you!
Azula: No thanks.
Zuko shoots a fire blast toward her, but two Dai Li agents intervene and pull up a section of the floor, making a wall. They shoot some rock gloves at Zuko's feet, making him lose his balance. He puts his right hand down, but another rock glove traps that one. Azula turns around smiling and walks away as the agents capture him. Scene changes to inside the throne room, where Sokka, Toph, and Aang confront Kuei. 
Kuei: Katara's fine. You have nothing to worry about.
Aang: But, in my vision, I felt so sure she was in trouble.
Kuei: Well, she met with the Council of Generals to plan the invasion, and since then, she been off with your friends, the Kyoshi Warriors.
Sokka: See, Aang? She's with Suki. They're probably back at our apartment right now talking about make-up or something.
Aang: Okay. Maybe you're right.
Kuei: Believe me, if there was any danger at all, Bosco's animal instincts would sense it.
Bosco lifts up his head from sleeping to look at the three. Scene changes to inside the Crystal Catacombs, where Katara is pacing back and forth. She stops pacing upon hearing a hole open up above.
Dai Li agent: You've got company.
He throws Zuko in, who rolls down and lands in front of Katara.
Katara: Zuko!
Katara's shocked face becomes an angry one as Zuko sits up, looking back at her with surprise, and the hole closes behind him. The scene changes to Toph, Aang, and Sokka reaching their house on Appa. The three jump off and run inside to see if Katara was in there. Momo runs up to them.
Aang: Momo!
Momo climbs up Aang onto his shoulders. Toph looks around.
Toph: There's no one else here.
Aang: Katara is in trouble! I knew it!
Sokka: Oh, no!
Toph: Wait! Someone's at the door. [Someone knocks on the door a second later.] Actually, I know who it is. It's an old friend of mine. [She walks over to the door and opens it, showing Iroh behind the door.] Glad to see you're okay.
Iroh: I need your help.
Sokka and Aang become shocked and angry upon seeing him, and get into a fighting stance. Toph calmly smiles and waves at him. Momo flies away upon seeing him.
Aang: You guys know each other?
Toph: I met him in the woods once and knocked him down. [Iroh smiles sheepishly and rubs the back of his head.] Then he gave me some tea and some very good advice.
Iroh: May I come in? [Toph nods, and he walks in before turning to the group.] Princess Azula is here in Ba Sing Se.
Aang: She must have Katara.
Iroh: She has captured my nephew as well.
Aang: Then we'll work together to fight Azula, and save Katara and Zuko.
Sokka: [Approaching Aang and pointing at him.] Whoa there! You lost me at "Zuko".
Iroh: I know how you must feel about my nephew. [Moving forward to place his hands on Sokka's shoulders.] But believe me when I tell you that there is good inside him.
Sokka: [Pushing Iroh away.] "Good inside him" isn't enough! Why don't you come back when it's outside him too, okay?
Aang: Katara's in trouble. All of Ba Sing Se is in trouble. Working together is our best chance.
Sokka understands, and nods. Iroh begins walking back to the door.
Iroh: I brought someone along who might help us.
They all walk outside. Toph puts a couple earth pillars around the nervous Dai Li agent and makes him stand up. Iroh walks over to him and takes the gag off his mouth, revealing this to be the scarred agent.
Captured agent: Azula and Long Feng are plotting a coup! They're going to overthrow the Earth King!
Sokka: My sister! Where are they keeping Katara?
Captured agent: In the Crystal Catacombs of Old Ba Sing Se, deep beneath the palace.
Iroh, Aang, Toph, and Sokka run away to help Katara and the Earth King, leaving the captured agent bound. Scene fades to the jail where Long Feng is. He meditates in his cell while a Dai Li agent informs him of what is going on.
Head of the Dai Li: The movements of the Earth King and all the generals have been plotted out step-by-step.
Long Feng: Good. And the Fire Nation princess is cooperating?
Head of the Dai Li: Oh, yes. More than cooperating. She's really taken charge. She's terrifying and inspirational at the same time. It's hard to explain.
The Dai Li agent walks away. Scene changes to inside the Crystal Catacombs, where Katara is yelling at Zuko, who sits with his back turned.
Katara: Why did they throw you in here? [Zuko says nothing.] Oh, wait, let me guess. It's a trap. So that when Aang shows up to help me, you can finally have him in your little Fire Nation clutches!
Zuko turns his head to look at her, turns back, and looks at the ground again.
Katara: [Continuing to lament.] You're a terrible person! You know that? Always following us! Hunting the Avatar! Trying to capture the world's last hope for peace! But what do you care? You're the Fire Lord's son. Spreading war and violence and hatred is in your blood!
Zuko: [Looks back at her.] You don't know what you're talking about!
Katara: [Angrily.] I don't? How dare you! You have no idea what this war has put me through! [Sits down.] Me personally! [She sits down and touches her necklace, begins to cry.] The Fire Nation took my mother away from me.
Zuko: [He turns around to face Katara.] I'm sorry. [Pauses. Katara is now sobbing.] That's something we have in common.
Katara looks back, surprised, and wipes away the tears from her eyes. The scene changes to Toph feeling the ground below, finding the Crystal Catacombs.
Toph: Well, what'd you know? There is an ancient city down there. But it's deep.
She makes a tunnel through the ground, beginning to lead to the catacombs. Sokka is seen thinking of a plan.
Sokka: We should split up. Aang, you go with Iroh to look for Katara and the angry jerk, [Remembers Iroh is there and places his left hand on Iroh's right shoulder.] no offense.
Iroh: [Shrugging.] None taken.
Sokka: And I'll go with Toph to warn the Earth King of Azula's coup.
Aang and Iroh are seen walking through the tunnel down to the Catacombs. Iroh is bending a small fire for light, and Aang is earthbending the way down.
Aang: So, Toph thinks you give pretty good advice, and great tea!
Iroh: The key to both is proper aging. What's on your mind?
Aang earthbends again before replying.
Aang: Well, I met with this guru who was supposed to help me master the Avatar State and control this great power, but to do it, I had to let go of someone I love. [He and Iroh stop.] And I just couldn't.
Iroh: Perfection and power are overrated. I think you were very wise to choose happiness and love.
Aang: [Earthbends again.] What happens if we can't save anyone and beat Azula? Without the Avatar State, what if I'm not powerful enough?
Iroh: I don't know the answer. Sometimes, life is like this dark tunnel. You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you just keep moving, [Aang earthbends the rocks away one last time. Iroh's fire blows out. He smiles.] you will come to a better place.
Camera pans over a large area of the Catacombs. Scene changes to Toph and Sokka climbing the stairs, with Momo flying behind them.
Sokka: There's General How!
Sokka puts his arm out in front of Toph and pulls her behind a pillar. General How continues walking toward the stairs. The Dai Li agents can be seen hiding beside the pillars before putting cuffs on his wrists and pulling him down to his knees. Another agent drops in front of How.
How: What's going on here?!
Dai Li agent: You're under house arrest.
Sokka: The coup is happening right now! We've gotta warn the Earth King!
Sokka, Toph, and Momo run to head to the Earth King. One of the generals is seen walking when some chains fly up and trap him. General Sung is taken by some chains into a dark area. Two other generals are seen in their headquarters when the Dai Li toss some chains to circle around their legs and pull them up. Scene changes to the throne room, where Toph, Sokka, and Momo have just reached the Earth King.
Sokka: Thank goodness we're in time!
Kuei: In time for what?
Ty Lee: Yeah. What are you in time for, [Cartwheels to Sokka, standing just inches from his face.] cutie?
Sokka: [He begins to sweat and places his hand behind his head in discomfort. Nervously.] Uh, I'm kinda involved with Suki.
Ty Lee: Who?
Toph knocks her away from Sokka with earthbending, in which she flips up above them.
Toph: They're not the real Kyoshi Warriors!
Kuei gasps, surprised.
Mai: [Sarcastically.] Sorry to disappoint you.
She shoots some of her daggers at Toph, who uses an earth shield to stop them, and kicks the shield to Mai, who jumps over it. However, just as Mai lands, Toph brings up another pillar, knocking Mai over. Toph smiles confidently. Ty Lee comes up in front of Sokka, laughing. She starts trying to jab him, but he evades all of them.
Ty Lee: Oooh, it's like we're dancing together!
Azula is seen holding Kuei at flame-point.
Azula: [Gravely.] This fight is over.
Toph and Sokka surrender, and Ty Lee chi blocks them. Momo tries flying away, but a Dai Li agent traps him with a rock glove. Azula shoves Kuei down the steps leading to his throne.
Azula: Get them all out of my sight.
Toph, Sokka, Kuei, and Bosco are all taken to prison. Long Feng walks into the room, looking grim, with some Dai Li agents behind him.
Long Feng: Now comes the part where I double cross you. Dai Li, arrest the Fire Nation princess! [None of the Dai Li agents move, to Long Feng's disappointment.] I said arrest her! [Short pause. They still do nothing.] What is wrong with you?!
Azula: It's because they haven't made up their minds. [Long Feng snaps his head toward Azula.] They're waiting to see how this is going to end.
Long Feng: What are you talking about?
Azula: I can see your whole history in your eyes. You were born with nothing, so you've had to struggle, and connive, and claw your way to power. But true power, the divine right to rule, is something you're born with. The fact is, they don't know which one of us is going to be sitting on that throne, and which one is going to be bowing down. [Long Feng looks worried.] But I know, and you know. [She sits down on the throne and crosses her legs.] Well?
Long Feng: [His worried look turns into fright, then into a look of submission. He walks up and bows to her.] You've beaten me at my own game.
Azula: Don't flatter yourself! You were never even a player.
The scene changes to Zuko and Katara in the Crystal Catacombs.
Katara: [Apologetic.] I'm sorry I yelled at you before.
Zuko: It doesn't matter.
Katara: It's just that for so long now, whenever I would imagine the face of the enemy, it was your face.
Zuko: My face? I see. [He touches his scar.]
Katara: No, no, that's-that's not what I mean. [Approaches Zuko.]
Zuko: It's okay. I used to think this scar marked me. The mark of the banished prince, cursed to chase the Avatar forever. But lately, I've realized I'm free to determine my own destiny, even if I'll never be free of my mark.
Katara: Maybe you could be free of it.
Zuko: What?
Katara: I have healing abilities.
Zuko: It's a scar, it can't be healed.
Katara: [Holds up a vial.] This is water from the Spirit Oasis at the North Pole. It has special properties, so I've been saving it for something important. [Moves in front of Zuko.] I don't know if it would work, but ...
Katara puts one hand on Zuko's scar. Zuko closes his eyes, only to be interrupted by Aang and Iroh.
Katara: Aang!
Aang looks surprised at seeing Zuko alone with Katara. As Katara hugs him, he briefly smiles at her, then looks over Katara's shoulder to glare at Zuko. Cut to Zuko, who gets a hug from Iroh, and glares back.
Katara: Aang, I knew you would come. [She hugs Aang again.]
Zuko: Uncle, I don't understand. What are you doing with the Avatar? [Points to Aang.]
Aang: Saving you, that's what.
Zuko growls and takes one confrontational step in Aang's direction, but Iroh stops him.
Iroh: Zuko, it's time we talked. [To Aang and Katara.] Go help you other friends. We'll catch up with you. [They walk away, Katara looks back at Zuko, who is looking sadly to the side, before moving on.]
Zuko: [Hurt.] Why, Uncle?
Iroh: You're not the man you used to be, Zuko. [Smiles.] You are stronger and wiser and freer than you have ever been. And now you have come to the crossroads of your destiny. [Close-up to Zuko's face.] It's time for you to choose. It's time for you to choose good.
As Zuko contemplates what his uncle is telling him, he yells as crystals grow to encase Iroh. He assumes a fighting position to prepare for the intruders. A different shot shows Azula along with two Dai Li agents sliding down from the sides of the chamber.
Azula: I expected this kind of treachery from Uncle. [Cut to Iroh, still trapped in crystals. Cut to a side shot, where Zuko protects his uncle.] But Zuko, Prince Zuko, you're a lot of things, but you're not a traitor, are you?
Zuko: Release him immediately.
Azula: It's not too late for you, Zuko. You can still redeem yourself.
Iroh: [To Zuko.] The kind of redemption she offers is not for you.
Azula: Why don't you let him decide, Uncle? [To Zuko.] I need you, Zuko. I've plotted every move of this day, [Makes a fist.] this glorious day in Fire Nation history, and the only way we win is together. At the end of this day, you will have your honor back. You will have Father's love. You will have everything you want.
Iroh: Zuko, I am begging you. [Close-up of Zuko's face as he focuses from Azula back to Iroh.] Look into your heart and see what it is that you truly want. [Zuko resumes contemplating.]
Azula: You are free to choose.
She gestures at the two Dai Li agents to leave, who earthbend themselves out. Azula leaves to follow Aang and Katara. The camera cuts to Zuko multiple times as he contemplates his choice. He drops his head. Cut to Aang and Katara running through the Crystal Catacombs.
Katara: We've got to find Sokka and Toph.
An intense shot of blue fire attacks them from behind. Aang stops it using earthbending, but the impact forces him backward a few steps. The camera zooms back toward Azula, the source of the blast, with smoke trailing from her fingertips. Katara uses waterbending to stop another attack, then sends a wave crashing toward Azula, who vaporizes the water with firebending. The mist from the vaporized water allows Azula to jump onto a crystal and firebend two blasts of blue fire. Together, Aang and Katara use waterbending to stop the blasts. Azula finishes her jump by landing on a rock pillar. Aang uses earthbending on the pillar, and Azula gasps once she notices the pillar crumbling. She jumps off and lands between Katara and Aang. She points at both of them, preparing to attack or defend herself.
An orange fire blast lands in the middle of the standoff, and they look to see the source of the fire blast to be Zuko. Zuko looks from Azula to Katara and Aang, choosing who to attack. When he looks at Azula, she is glaring back at him. He then looks at Aang, who gasps once he realizes Zuko will attack him. Zuko firebends at him, and Aang uses airbending to jump away from the blast. Azula smiles at this and starts dueling with Katara, and Zuko furiously throws multiple fire blasts at Aang. The scene changes to Kuei, Sokka, and Toph in a prison cell. Sokka looks out the door's barred window.
Toph: See any Dai Li agents nearby?
Sokka: Nope, all clear.
Toph cracks her knuckles and places her hands against the cell door, preparing to metalbend it. Cut to outside the prison cell in the where the door crumples and gets thrown away from the doorway.
Sokka: Let's go. [Sokka grabs the Earth King's hand and follows Toph.]
Kuei: [While being guided by Sokka.] I'm not leaving without Bosco!
Cut back to Zuko and Aang fighting. Aang airbends the air currents around him to make a human-shaped gust of air at Zuko, knocking him down. Aang attacks Zuko with more airbending, but Zuko maneuvers around the attacks and gets back up on his feet. He fires more blasts at Aang who is clinging on to a rock pillar. Aang jumps onto a clump of crystals to avoid the attack. Furious, Zuko summons a greater blast of fire. Aang earthbends some crystals to protect him, but the crystals shatter, sending Aang flying to another clump of crystals. Zuko uses fire whips to attack Aang once again, but Aang jumps to another patch of crystals and Zuko keeps attacking.
Cut to Azula landing on a puddle of water running toward Katara, who sends a aharp wave of water at Azula that very nearly hits her face, but cuts her hair instead, startling her. Cut back to Zuko, who is still using his fire whips to attack Aang, who is now jumping along the cave's ceiling. Aang kicks down a stalactite and follows it, using earthbending to increase its impact and sending Zuko flying, bouncing off the ground into a small wall of crystals. The scene focuses on Azula and Katara. Katara waterbends at Azula, knocking her down. Azula slowly gets back up into a fighting stance as Katara encases herself in water. One water tentacle captures Azula's hand as she struggles to attack her, and another one captures her foot after another failed attack. Katara then lifts Azula up, who yells in fear. Zuko frees his sister using firebending to break the tentacles. Azula gets up and briefly smiles at Zuko in gratitude, then looks toward the crater Aang had created with the stalactite. Aang crawls out, exhausted. Azula runs toward Aang. Cut to Zuko and Katara fighting. Katara still has water whips on her hands and Zuko starts using his fire whips.
Katara: I thought you had changed! [She grunts.]
Zuko: I have changed.
Zuko fires another blast. Cut to Azula and Aang standing opposite each other. A closer shot of Azula and Aang as they prepare to fight. Azula uses firebending to charge at Aang. Aang earthbends crystals around him into a crystal encased armor and charges at Azula. Azula stops, and uses her firebending to break Aang's crystal armor and send him flying back into an old building. Cut to Mai, Ty Lee, and Bosco in the Earth King's throne room.
Ty Lee: [To Bosco.] Come on, it's easy. You just walk on your front paws instead of your rear ones. [She demonstrates.] Like this.
Suddenly, the floor traps Ty Lee's hands, causing  and her feet when they touch the ground. Bosco starts clapping. The view changes to reveal Kuei, Toph, and Sokka.
Toph: [Sarcastically.] That is a nice trick.
Sokka takes out his boomerang and Toph earthbends a large block of the ground in preparation to fight against Mai. The camera zooms toward Mai.
Mai: [Uninterested, knowing she does not stand a chance.] Just take the bear.
Cut to Bosco.
Kuei: [Runs to Bosco.] Bosco! [Bosco growls happily.]
The scene changes back to Zuko and Azula both fighting Katara. Hopelessly outnumbered, Katara gets knocked down. Aang jumps from the old building and earth surfs toward Zuko and Azula to stop them from attacking Katara, with a fiercely determined look on his face. However, a Dai Li agent appears and jumps in front of Aang's surf, sending him flying off. Aang yells as he falls. More Dai Li agents gather behind Zuko and Azula. Katara starts regaining her focus and Dai Li agents surround her. Katara uses the octopus form to defend herself. Aang stands up in a fighting stance, but his determined face quickly turns into one of despair.
Aang: There's too many. [He looks at Katara.]
Pathik: [From Aang's memory.] The only way is to let her go.
Aang: I'm sorry, Katara.
Closing his eyes, he turns away from Azula and Zuko and earthbends a crystal shelter tent. Aang starts meditating. Inside Aang's mind, a giant version of himself in the Avatar State, the Avatar Spirit, holds an airbending sphere with a normal-sized version of himself in the Avatar State. Back in the crystal shelter, Aang enters the Avatar State and the crystal shelter starts glowing, alerting those outside. Inside the shelter, Aang opens his glowing eyes and breaks the crystal above him. The camera shows Katara looking up to Aang, now rising in to the air, with hope. But before Aang can let Katara go and control the Avatar State, a bolt of lightning strikes him in the back. Cut to Azula's eyeball watching Aang getting struck, before it zooms out to show her smiling menacingly in a lightning summoning position with her fingers smoking. The Avatar Spirit lets go of Aang and falls out of the plane of existence. As Aang falls down, Katara, tears now falling down her face, creates a wave to catch Aang. The wave knocks down the Dai Li agents and Zuko. She looks down at Aang's lifeless body and back up with tears in her eyes. Zuko and Azula prepare to attack Katara, but a blast of fire stops them. Iroh, the source of the blast, jumps down from the wall of the cave and shields Aang and Katara from Zuko and Azula.
Iroh: You've got to get out of here! I'll hold them off as long as I can! [Fires some blasts at Zuko and Azula.]
Katara walks away slowly with Aang's body to a waterfall, and she uses waterbending to lift herself and Aang's body up its path. Iroh holds off the Dai Li agents, taking blows of earthbending, until after Aang and Katara leave. He submits to the Dai Li, who use earthbending to encase him in crystals. Azula is triumphantly smirking next to Zuko, both looking at Iroh. Iroh is looking back at Zuko, then closes his eyes and turns away. Cut to Bosco, Kuei, Toph, Sokka, Aang, and Katara riding on Appa. Appa moans sadly. Cut to a closer shot of Katara placing Aang's body on Appa. Katara opens the vial around her neck and uses water healing on Aang's wounded back. The rest of Team Avatar, Kuei, and Bosco all look sadly and in anticipation. The glowing from the spirit water stops, and Katara starts crying, assuming that it was not enough to save Aang. Aang's tattoos glow for a second and Aang groans. Katara, overcome with joy that Aang is alive, looks at him, who smiles a little, and she holds him closer. Cut to the Earth King's throne room with Azula sitting down at the throne with Zuko at her left.
Azula: We've done it, Zuko. It's taken a hundred years, but the Fire Nation has conquered Ba Sing Se.
Zuko: I betrayed Uncle.
Azula: No, he betrayed you. [She stands up from the throne.] Zuko, when you return home, Father will welcome you as a war hero.
Zuko: But I don't have the Avatar. What if Father doesn't restore my honor?
Azula: He doesn't need to, Zuko. [She puts a hand on Zuko's shoulder.] Today, you restored your own honor.
Zuko looks turns away, uncertain of himself. Cut to an aerial view of Ba Sing Se. Cut to Appa's passengers.
Kuei: The Earth Kingdom ... has fallen.
The camera pans down to show Katara, who sits next to an unconscious Aang, and looks up. Appa flies over the walls of Ba Sing Se. Fade to credits.