Fat groans in resignation, hangs his head, and walks off to fetch the drinks. Cut to Sokka and Fat dueling in the sword fighting ring again, Piandao sitting in the foreground. Sokka and Fat thrust and parry a few strikes. Sokka swings his sword in a circle and tries to hit Fat's leg, but Fat pulls his leg up and he avoids the attack. Cut to a close-up of the two from behind Sokka. The scene goes into slow motion as Fat swings his sword and Sokka parries it. Sokka returns the strike and is also parried. The camera cuts to behind Fat as Sokka continues his offense with four quick thrusts. Fat blocks all the attacks and tries to attack Sokka. He misses, and Sokka uses this opportunity to slip the blade of his wooden sword under Fat's hand and fling the wooden sword from it. Fat is shocked and raises his hands in defeat as Sokka thrusts his sword forward and places the blade on the side of Fat's neck, ending the duel. Sokka steps away from Fat, puts his hands together and bows to Piandao, while Fat frowns angrily at him. It cuts to a shot of Piandao sipping a drink from a cup with a slice of lemon stuck on it.
The scene cuts to a shot of the outside of the Fire Nation prison and zooms in. Cut to the inside of Iroh's cell and zoom in on Iroh doing push-ups on his knuckles, clapping his hands together at the apex of each push. Cut to a shot of Warden Poon sitting and eating a piece of bread. He hears the clapping and goes to investigate. Cut to Iroh continuing to do push-ups. Cut to Warden Poon walking toward the door to Iroh's cell. Cut to a shot from inside the cell of him looking in through the barred window in the door.
Warden Poon: What's going on in there‌?
Cut to a shot of Iroh sitting against the wall and lazily clapping his hands side to side with a delirious expression. Cut back to Warden Poon.
Warden Poon: Crazy old man.
Warden Poon leaves. Cut back to Iroh. He claps a few more times and smiles when he is sure the warden is gone, ceasing his clapping and pushing back the stray hair hanging over his face. The scene cuts to a far shot of the Avatar group's campsite near the river. 
Katara: So where are we going next‌? [Cut to a shot of Aang and Katara sitting around a map of the Fire Nation. Pointing to the map.] We're starting from here ...
Aang: [Pointing at a different spot.] No, we're over on this island.
Toph: [Lying down.] You noodle-brains don't know what you're doing. I miss Sokka.
Katara: Ooh, I got one: if you miss him so much, why don't you marry him‌?
Katara grins at her joke. The camera quickly zooms out and a groan is heard in the background. Toph rolls over on her side, away from Katara. A winged insect buzzes in front of Aang, who simply blows it away with a quick blast of wind from his breath. Cut to a shot of the sword fighting ring in front of the main building at Piandao's castle. The camera tilts down to Sokka and Piandao sitting on the ground.
Piandao: You've had a good first day of training.
Sokka: [Frontal view.] I have‌? But I thought I messed up every single thing we worked on!
Piandao: [Frontal view of feet. Camera pans up to his face.] You messed things up in a very special way. You are ready for a real sword.
Sokka: [Frontal view. Excited.] Are you giving me one of yours‌?
Piandao: [Frontal view.] No.
Frontal view of Sokka, who groans disappointedly and slumps down.
Piandao: [Frontal view. Camera zooms in on his face.] Your sword must be an extension of yourself. So tomorrow, you will make your own sword.
Cut to and zoom in on Sokka. He immediately perks up and grins. Cut to a shot of a rack of swords. Weapons are hung all about the room. The camera pans left to Sokka and Piandao standing at a table. On the table are several bricks of steel.
Piandao: Choosing the correct material is the most important step in crafting a sword. [Close-up and zooms out showing the steel in front of him.] You must trust your steel with your life. Choose carefully.
Sokka takes two bricks and weighs them in each hand. Sokka sets them down and takes another brick. He sniffs it and bites the brick to test its quality. Cut to side-view as Sokka puts the brick down and puts a hand to his chin thoughtfully. An idea comes to his mind and he turns to Piandao.
Sokka: Master, [Side-view of Sokka looking at Piandao.] would it be possible for me to leave and bring back a special material for my sword‌?
Piandao: [Side-view of Piandao looking at Sokka.] I wouldn't have it any other way.
Piandao smiles at Sokka. Cut to Aang, Katara, Toph and Appa all asleep and sitting around the map as they were before. Toph suddenly sits up.
Toph: [Excitedly.] Sokka's coming!
Aang and Katara wake up, gasping and smiling excitedly. Cut to a shot of Sokka walking up to the top of the hill.
Sokka: Hey, guys. What are you doing‌?
Aang, Katara, and Toph all jump at Sokka and give him a group hug.
Aang: Sokka!
Toph: You're back!
Katara: [Close-up of Sokka and Katara with Aang in the foreground.] We missed you so much!
Aang: [Close-up as he steps back slightly.] Say something funny!
Sokka: [Close-up. Confused.] Funny how‌?
Cut to overhead view as Aang and Katara both laugh heartily. Toph smiles and crosses her arms.
Sokka: [Side-view of Sokka with Toph in the foreground. To Toph.] What's their deal‌?
Toph: [Nonchalantly.] I don't know. They missed you or something. I didn't care. [Turns away, blushing and smiling.]
Sokka: [Overhead side-view of group.] Thanks. That warms my heart. Anyway, I need some help.
Cut to a shot of the gang running over to the edge of the crater created the night before. Cut to a shot of the group, their backs to the camera, as they stare at the meteorite at the bottom of the crater.
The camera zooms in on the meteorite before cutting to an overhead shot of Iroh sitting in his cell, looking through the bars in the ceiling. Cut to a close-up of Iroh's eyes. They are closed for a brief moment before opening. Iroh leans forward and puts his head on the floor. The camera cuts to a shot of Iroh's legs rising into the air and tilts down as Iroh stands on his hands. Close-up of Iroh sweating heavily, as he begins to perform hand-stand push-ups.
The camera cuts to outside the cell as it zooms out. The scene cuts to a shot of Sokka, Aang, and Katara pushing the meteorite up the slope to Piandao's castle. Toph is behind the meteorite, pushing it forward with her earthbending. Fade to an overhead shot of the group and the meteorite at the large doors. Sokka runs to the doors. Cut to behind Sokka as he bangs both knockers frantically. Piandao opens one of the doors almost immediately and steps out.
Piandao: Who's this‌?
Sokka: [Overhead view from behind Piandao.] Oh, these are my friends. Just other good Fire Nation folks. [They bow to Piandao. Cut to Piandao, who bows back. The camera zooms out to show the meteorite and Sokka.] Do you think we can make a sword out of a meteorite‌?
Piandao lays a hand on the meteorite and examines it.
Piandao: [Close-up.] We'll make a sword unlike any other in the world.
Cut to a shot of a fiery forge. The camera zooms out and turns left to Sokka bare-chested and shoveling coal into it, before switching to Piandao and Fat, who is carrying a large sledge hammer. The camera cuts and tilts up to a shot of Sokka holding a chisel against the meteorite while Fat hammers it, Piandao watching in the back. Cut to a shot of Sokka tapping the chisel with a smaller hammer. A piece of the meteorite breaks off and falls to the floor. Sokka takes a moment to wipe the sweat from his brow. Cut to a shot of a wooden bucket filled with the meteorite fragments. Fat takes the bucket and the camera follows him as he brings it over to the forge. Sokka is seen working the bellows diligently. The camera zooms in as Katara and Aang peer in at Sokka from around the corner. Fade to a shot of the bucket sitting in the fires of the forge. Cut to a shot of Sokka holding his legs to his chest, asleep. He wakes up and looks behind him at the forge. He stands up and resumes shoveling in coal. The camera zooms out to show Piandao observing Sokka from outside. Fade to a shot of the bucket being pulled from the forge by Sokka with iron tongs. He carefully positions the liquid space metal over a mold of a blade and pours it in. Cut to a shot of the red hot metal being hammered against a stone. Cut to Piandao as he raises the hot blade and looks carefully at it. An excited Sokka can be seen behind him. Cut to a shot from inside a trough of water as Piandao dips the blade in. The blade makes the water bubble and boil as it hisses and cools, turning black. 
Fade to a shot of the outside of the main building, the camera tilting down to the open doors. Cut to a shot of the inside. Sokka is seated in front of Piandao. Aang, Katara, and Toph sit behind Sokka while Fat stands behind Piandao, holding Sokka's sword.
Piandao: Sokka, when you first arrived, you were so unsure. You even seemed down on yourself. [Frontal view of Piandao as the camera pans across to the right revealing Fat.] But I saw something in you right away. [Side-view of Sokka.] I saw a heart as strong as a lion turtle, and twice as big. [Side-view of the room.] And as we trained, it wasn't your skills that impressed me. [Fat kneels to Piandao and gives him the sword. Frontal view of Piandao as he turns back to face the camera.] No, it certainly wasn't your skills. [Brief close-up of Sokka, who looks down in shame, before cutting back to a close-up of Piandao.] You showed something beyond that. [Unsheathes the sword, showing its black blade. Cut to side-view of Piandao as the camera zooms out and follows the blade as he strikes out to the side.] Creativity, versatility, [Frontal view of Sokka with the sword in the foreground.] intelligence ... [Sokka looks down.] these are the traits that define a great swordsman. [Side-view of Piandao as he sheathes the sword.] And these are the traits that define you. [Kneels and presents the sword to Sokka. Cut to frontal view of Sokka, from Piandao's perspective, who takes it.] You told me you didn't know if you were worthy, [Close-up shot as he stands up.] but I believe that you are more worthy than any man I have ever trained.
Cut to a shot of the sword in Sokka's hands. The camera tilts up to Sokka as he lowers his head in shame.
Sokka: I'm sorry, Master. You're wrong. [Close-up of Piandao.] I am not worthy. [Side-view of Sokka.] I'm not who you think I am. I'm not from the Fire Nation. I'm from the Southern Water Tribe. [Cut to side-view of Aang, Katara, and Toph who all gawk at Sokka with shock and disbelief. Close-up side-view of Piandao and Sokka.] I lied so that I could learn swordsmanship from you. I'm sorry. [Offering his sword back.]
Piandao: [Close-up.] I'm sorry, too.
Piandao quickly turns back around and swings his sword at Sokka. Cut to Sokka who stands and avoids the attack. Side-view of Sokka who, after unsheathing his sword, blocks a thrust from Piandao. Side-view of Aang, Katara, and Toph who get up and go to help Sokka. Cut to frontal view of the three that quickly zooms out to show Sokka who raises his hand to stop them.
Sokka: No, this is my fight, alone.
Cut to a close-up of Piandao before cutting to Iroh's cell. Warden Poon enters, carrying a tray of food. The camera pans right to a close-up of Iroh.
Warden Poon: You used to be the pride of the Fire Nation. Our top general, the Dragon of the West. Now, look at you. [Drops the food to the floor. Cut to aerial shot of the floor as the trays contents go everywhere. Iroh grabs a green fruit from behind the bars. Cut to close-up of Iroh on the ground as he moves the fruit to his mouth.] Look what you've become.
Iroh watches the warden leave and stands up. Cut to frontal view as he puts the fruit to his mouth and holds it in his teeth as he begins to untie his belt. Close-up side-view as his shirt comes off and a thick, folded sheet that had been covering his belly falls to the floor. Cut to shot of the sheet hitting the ground and the camera tilts up to reveal Iroh's new, incredibly buff physique. Iroh takes the fruit from his mouth, bites into it, and jumps up. Cut to close-up shot above the cell bars as Iroh grabs a bar above with one hand. Side-view of Iroh who takes another bite of the fruit and begins doing one handed pull-ups. Cut to and zoom out on a side-view of Iroh and his cell.
The scene cuts to a shot of Sokka and Piandao squared off in the sword fighting ring. Aang, Katara, Toph, and Fat watch from the upper part of the main building. Cut to and zoom in on Sokka, ready with his black sword. Cut to a shot of the tip of Piandao's sword pointed at the ground. The camera tilts up to him, his other hand raised and pointed. Panning side-view of the others who watch nervously.
Cut to a panning right close-up of Sokka, before switching to a panning left close-up of Piandao. Piandao lunges forward and begins his attack. Frontal view of Piandao as Sokka backs away. Cut to a side-view of the scene as Piandao strikes four times, each one parried by Sokka. Cut behind Piandao as Sokka attempts a strike of his own. Piandao moves his head out of the way and stabs at Sokka, who sways back and avoids the attack; Piandao sweeps his sword at Sokka's legs, but Sokka jumps over it and lunges at Piandao, thrusting his sword forward. Side-view of Piandao who deflects Sokka's blade and pushes him back. Cut to behind Sokka as he is knocked back several feet and slides over the ground. Frontal view of Sokka as he flips himself backward and grabs a post of a small bridge to regain his balance. He quickly climbs onto the post and leaps to the other one just as Piandao thrusts his sword at him, the camera pans to the left to follow Sokka. Piandao spins around and tries to slice Sokka's foot. Cut to Sokka's feet as he jumps away. Wide shot of entrance to the bridge as Sokka jumps to the other rail of the bridge. Piandao stabs at Sokka again, but Sokka jumps off the rail and rolls to the side. Piandao strikes again, but Sokka rolls under the blade. Frontal view of Sokka as he blocks Piandao's next strike. The camera pans to the left as Sokka runs to the left and jumps on to the railing again. Cut to a view shot of bridge as Sokka leaps away to the end of the bridge, dodging as Piandao swings his sword at him.
Piandao: Excellent! [Close-up.] Using your superior agility against an older opponent ... smart.
Piandao charges at Sokka again. Close-up of Sokka as he readies his sword. Shot from behind Sokka as Piandao strikes at him and pushes him up a large stone stairway with the camera panning down to follow their movements. Cut to behind Piandao, titled up toward the stairs, as Sokka blocks all of the attacks, but the force pushes him against the wall of the stairway. Cut to Sokka as his back hits the wall and he deflects a thrust from Piandao upward, and ducks as the blade slices through the part of the wall above his shoulder. Cut to Piandao as he swings his sword around his head and body in two large circles. Frontal view of Sokka as he barely dodges Piandao's blade, cart wheeling to the right as the camera pans with him. Camera pans back left as Sokka spins back around, hops a foot off the ground and pushes off the wall with his legs, propelling himself forward, sword extended. Side-view as Piandao deflects the attack. Wide-view of the stairs as Sokka rolls across the stair to the other wall, climbing to the top. Frontal view of the wall as Sokka reaches the top.
Piandao: Good use of terrain ... fighting from the high ground.
Sokka swings at Piandao below him, who parries and swings at Sokka. Piandao thrusts his sword at Sokka, who pins the blade under his own blade, weighted down under his feet. Cut to Sokka standing on the swords before switching back to Piandao, who tries to wrench his sword free. Cut to Piandao's feet as he steps forward and the camera pans up as he pushes his sword upward, throwing Sokka off. View from behind Sokka as he grunts, stumbling back into a tall stalk of bamboo. Cut to a shot of Toph, Aang, and Katara all wincing at the sight. Cut back to Sokka as he looks up fearfully, strands of hair falling over his face. Frontal view of Piandao as he raises his sword and charges at Sokka. Cut back to Sokka as he ducks Piandao's attack that slices through the bamboo just above his head. He turns to run off into the bamboo thicket. Frontal view of Sokka as he runs away. Cut to frontal shot of Sokka running through the bamboo thicket, slicing through as many surrounding stalks of bamboo that he can. As Piandao chases after, the stalks all begin to fall. Close-up of Piandao skillfully cutting through the bamboo. Side-view of Sokka as he runs through the bamboo and turns, grabbing a stalk and pulling it. He lets it go just as Piandao catches up. Cut to the stalk whipping around. Cut to side-view of Piandao cutting through it with ease as Sokka tries to attack from behind.
Piandao: Yes, use your surroundings. [Piandao deflects the attacks as Sokka runs away. Sokka grabs two stalks and pulls them back before releasing them. They whip around at Piandao, who slices through them.] Make them fight for you!
Cut to a shot of Sokka running out of the bamboo and back toward the sword fighting ring, screaming in terror and Piandao not far behind. The camera shifts to Sokka's front. He is very frightened and takes a look behind, but Piandao has run off to the side and out of sight. Side-view of Sokka who turns to look ahead only for Piandao to strike out in front of him, trying to make him run into it. However, Sokka leans back. The scene goes into slow motion and the camera cuts to an overhead close-up of Sokka sliding under the blade. The scene comes back to normal speed and cuts to a frontal view as Sokka stands back up and stumbles forward, stabbing his sword into the ground to stop his fall. Cut behind Sokka as he uses his momentum to swing his sword back around, flinging dirt and dust at Piandao. The scene goes into slow motion again and the camera cuts to a close-up of Piandao as the dirt hits him in the face, blinding him. The scene comes back to normal speed and cuts to a frontal shot of Piandao as he spins around and positions his sword behind his back to defend any sneak attacks. Cut to a close-up of Piandao, his eyes closed.
Piandao: Very resourceful.
Piandao turns his head and listens for any sounds. Cut close-up to Sokka and zooms out as he nervously raises his sword defensively. He slowly tries to sneak away, careful not to make any noises that would give away his location. Cut to a twig on the ground as Sokka steps on it, snapping it. Close-up of Piandao who turns his head toward Sokka when he hears it. Camera zooms out as he twirls his sword around into an offensive position and charges forward. Close-up of Sokka who takes a step back as Piandao closes in. Side-view of the fight as Piandao strikes. Sokka parries the attack. Cut behind Sokka as Piandao catches Sokka's blade with his own. He pushes Sokka's sword around in two circles and flings Sokka's sword out of his hands. Side-view of the fight as Sokka watches his sword fly into the air and stab into the ground several feet away.
Cut to side-view of Sokka looking worried as Piandao moves to attack. The scene goes into slow motion and cuts to a side-view of the two as Piandao swings his sword in large, horizontal arc at Sokka. Sokka is not cut by the blade, but is instead hit in the chest by Piandao's arms, knocking him on his back. Cut to Sokka landing on the ground and he looks up fearfully. Cut to frontal view of Piandao from the ground as Piandao turns and points his sword at Sokka's head. Cut to Sokka who leans back in fear. Frontal view of Aang, Katara, and Toph as they all jump from the building to the ground and run toward Sokka and Piandao. Cut to a close-up of Piandao. The camera zooms out as he swings his sword away from Sokka, halting Aang, Katara, and Toph.
Piandao: Excellent work, Sokka.
Cut to a shot of Sokka squinting at Piandao curiously. Cut to a shot of Piandao with Aang, Katara, and Toph in the background. He raises his hand and the camera tilts up slightly as he signals to Fat. Cut to a frontal view of Fat as he flings the scabbard of Piandao's sword toward him. Frontal view of the still blinded Piandao as he turns and points his sword upward. Side-view as the scabbard flies right onto the blade.
Piandao: I think I'm a little old to be fighting the Avatar.
Cut to a shot of Aang, Katara, and Toph in their bending stances. They come out of their stances and Aang and Katara look at each other in surprise.
Aang: How did you know‌?
The scene cuts to a shot of Piandao and Sokka. Sokka stands back up as Fat walks on screen carrying a drink and a white cloth.
Piandao: Oh, I've been around a while. You pick things up. [Wipes the dirt off his face with the cloth.] Of course, I knew from the beginning that Sokka was Water Tribe. [Close-up of Sokka.] You might want to think of a better Fire Nation cover name. [Camera zooms out to show Piandao.] Try "Lee." There's a million "Lees". [Sips his drink.].
Cut to a frontal shot of Aang, Katara and Toph with Fat and Piandao facing toward them, their backs to the camera.
Katara: But why would you agree to train someone from the Water Tribe‌?
Piandao: [Close-up.] The way of the sword doesn't belong to any one nation. [Frontal shot of Piandao, Sokka and Fat as the other three look on, their backs to the camera.] Knowledge of the arts belongs to us all. [Gives his sword to Fat. Cut to Sokka's sword as he pulls it out of the ground. Cut to side-view of Piandao and Sokka as Piandao gives the sword back to Sokka.] Sokka, you must continue your training on your own. [Close-up.] If you stay on this path, I know that one day [Close-up.] you will become an even greater master than I am.
Cut to a shot of Aang, Katara, and Sokka all smiling warmly. Cut back to Sokka and Piandao as they bow to each other. The scene cuts to a wide shot of the group leaving Piandao's castle through the front gates. It cuts to a closer shot of the group from the front. Fat is running up to them from behind.
Fat: Wait! [Everyone turns to him. Side-view.] The Master wanted you to have this, as something to remember him by.
Cut to a close-up of Fat giving a small, brown bag to Sokka. Overhead view as they all bow as a farewell and Fat walks back to the castle. The camera zooms in as Sokka opens the bag and pulls out a white lotus Pai Sho tile.
Sokka: It's a Pai Sho tile.
Cuts to a close-up of the tile in Sokka's hands.
Aang: The White Lotus. Huh.
Katara: What does it mean‌?
Sokka: [Cut to close-up of Aang and Sokka as Fat is seen in the background closing the doors. Sokka and Aang look back and the camera zooms in on the doors, clearly showing a lotus design on the doors surrounding the Fire Nation symbol.] I have no idea. [Overhead view. Sokka reaches into his pocket.] Ooh, that reminds me! Toph, I thought you might like this [Close-up view of Sokka offering her a chunk of the meteorite.] since you've probably never had a chance to bend space earth before.
Toph: [Taking the rock. Side-view.] Sweet! [Cut to a close-up of the space earth floating between Toph's hands. She shapes it into a swirl, a star, and a splatter shaped similar to the Nickelodeon logo.] Check this out.
Cuts to a shot of the group as they walk off down the trail.
Katara: You know, I don't think there's such a thing as "space earth". If it's from space, then it's not really "earth".
Sokka: Must you ruin everything‌?
Cut to a wide, overhead shot of Piandao's castle and Team Avatar walking away.
Katara: I can't believe I missed you.
Fade to white. Fade to end credits.