The episode opens on board a Fire Nation ship where Aang finally regains consciousness. The camera zooms out on his face as he opens his eyes and rises from his bed, visibly shaken and in pain, and now with a head full of hair.
Aang: What happened? [Sees the Fire Nation designs and flag and immediately assumes he has been captured.] Oh no!
He leaves his room, carefully creaking open the door and peering outside for any sign of Fire Nation soldiers. Using his glider as a crutch, Aang stumbles across the hall, occasionally leaning on the wall for support due to being weak. He stops at a turn in the hallway upon hearing two guards, who are actually Pipsqueak and The Duke, talking to each other.
Pipsqueak: You hear something? [Aang retreats behind the wall, where he dons a determined look and quickly steps out to send a weak air blast at them, which only ruffles their clothes, and moves past the hallway.] He's awake! [The two begin chasing Aang, who struggles to escape.] Stop! Wait!
Aang manages to reach the deck of the ship, however, he stumbles on the stairway and drops his staff. It slides over to where Hakoda and Bato, disguised as Fire Nation soldiers, are petting Momo.
Aang: [Confused.] Momo?
Momo runs toward Aang, jumps on his shoulder and licks his face. Toph and Katara, standing near the edge of the ship, hear the events.
Toph: Twinkle Toes! That's got to be you!
Katara: Aang, you're awake! [The two race over to him.]
Aang: Are you sure? [Rubs eyes.] I feel like I'm dreaming.
Katara: [Hugs Aang.] You're not dreaming. You're finally awake.
Sokka: [Hugs Aang; is disguised as a Fire Nation guard.] Aang, good to see you back with the living, buddy!
Aang: Sokka? [Breathes heavily, appears to be passing out.]
Toph: Uh-oh, somebody catch him, he's going to-
The screen becomes black as Aang collapses to the floor, Katara running short of catching him. The shot cuts to the entire group, including Appa, surrounding Aang who is now in Katara's arms. Meanwhile, on another ship, Zuko is heading toward the Fire Nation. Mai joins him.
Mai: Aren't you cold?
Zuko: I've got a lot on my mind. It's been so long, over three years since I was home. I wonder what's changed. I wonder how I've changed.
Mai: [Yawns.] I just asked if you were cold, I didn't ask for your whole life story. [Zuko frowns at her sarcastic response. Mai giggles and holds his face in her hands.] Stop worrying.
The two kiss. Mai exits, and Zuko stays there with an expression of relief on his face. We return to the ship where Team Avatar is on. Aang is awake once again. He sits in front of Katara, also sitting, surrounded by Toph and Sokka. Appa rests behind them. Aang receives a robe to cover him.
Aang: Why are we on a Fire Nation ship? Why is everyone dressed this way? And why am I the only one who's completely out of it? [Katara and Aang are left alone.]
Katara: You need to take it easy, okay? You got hurt pretty bad. [Smiling at him.] I like your hair.
Aang: I have hair? [Feels it.] How long was I out?
Katara: A few weeks.
Hakoda: Everything okay?
Katara: [Looking away, annoyed. Annoyed tone.] We're fine, Dad.
Hakoda: [To Aang.] I'm Hakoda, Katara and Sokka's father. [Aang moves to shake his outstretched hand.]
Katara: [Placing her hands on Aang's shoulders stopping him.] He knows who you are. I just called you "Dad", didn't I?
Hakoda: I guess you're right.
Aang: [Removing Katara's hand he shakes Hakoda's hand.] Nice to officially meet you, Chief Hakoda.
Hakoda: It's an honor to meet you.
Katara: Great, great, so now you guys have finally met. So would you mind giving us a little privacy?
Hakoda: Of course. [Walks away.]
Aang: Are you mad at your dad or something? [Katara looks at Hakoda leave with an expression of annoyance on her face.]
Katara: [Confused look.] What, not at all. Why would you say that?
Aang shrugs and murmurs as if to say "I don't know." but gasps in pain.
Katara: Maybe we should go upstairs. [Helping Aang up.] You need a healing session.
Back in Aang's room on the ship. Katara bends some water onto the scar left by Azula's lightning attack.
Katara: Tell me where the pain feels most intense.
Aang: Mmm, a little higher. Uhhh!
Aang briefly flashes back to the battle at Old Ba Sing Se where he rose into the Avatar State, then back to reality.
Aang: Wow, you're definitely in the right area there.
Katara: I can feel a lot of energy twisted up around there. [Begins to remove the water.] Let me just see if I can-
As Katara bends the water from Aang's scar, he suddenly jerks backward and again flashes back to the battle at Old Ba Sing Se, to the moment where he was shot by Azula's lightning. The flashback scene then changes to Katara is tearfully looking over Aang, looking comatose, flying on top of Appa as they flee Ba Sing Se. After that, he snaps back to reality.
Aang: I went down! I didn't just get hurt, did I? It was worse than that. I was gone! But you brought me back.
Katara: I just used the spirit water from the North Pole. I don't know what I did exactly.
Aang: [Turning to look at her.] You saved me.
Katara: [Placing a hand on the side of his face.] You need to rest.
The scene switches to the Fire Nation Capital, Li and Lo addressing a crowd below.
Li: Your Princess Azula, clever and beautiful, disguised herself as the enemy and entered the Earth Kingdom's Capital. In Ba Sing Se, she found her brother Zuko, and together they faced the Avatar ...
Li and Lo: And the Avatar fell! And the Earth Kingdom fell!
Li: Azula's agents quickly overtook the entire city. They went to Ba Sing Se's great walls ...
Li and Lo: And brought them down!
Li: The armies of the Fire Nation surged through the walls and swarmed over Ba Sing Se, securing our victory.
A flashback shows the Dai Li taking down Ba Sing Se's walls and the Fire Nation troops entering the city as Earth Kingdom citizens look on with fear. Tanks are seen approaching the Ba Sing Se's royal palace before flashing back to Li and Lo with Azula approaching between them.
Li and Lo: Now the heroes have returned home!
Lo: Your princess, Azula ... [Crowd cheers.]
Li: And after three long years, your prince has returned ...
Li and Lo: Zuko!
Zuko approaches with a worried expression. Crowd cheers. We now go back to Team Avatar's ship. Sokka sits on a crate with a map with the others surrounding him as he narrates past events.
Sokka: After what happened at Ba Sing Se, we had to get you to safety. We flew back to Chameleon Bay where we found my father and the other Water Tribe men. [Flashback preparing to leave by taking off his Earth King robes revealing traveling robes beneath.] The Earth King decided he wanted to travel the world in disguise, so he set off alone. [Bosco is shown taking off his own attire and hat before Kuei jumps on Bosco and they set off.] Well, not completely alone. [Cut back to Sokka continuing the story.] Soon, the bay was overrun by Fire Nation ships. Rather than fight them all, we captured a single ship and made it our disguise. Since then we've been traveling west. We crossed through the Serpent's Pass a few days ago. We've seen a few Fire Nation ships, but none have bothered us.
Aang: So what now?
Hakoda: We've been working on a modified version of the invasion plan.
Katara: [Sharply.] It's Sokka's invasion plan.
Hakoda: Yes, Sokka's plan. We won't be able to mount a massive invasion without the Earth King's armies, but the solar eclipse will still leave the Fire Nation vulnerable.
Sokka: So we're planning a smaller invasion. Just a ragtag team of our friends and allies from around the Earth Kingdom. We already ran into Pipsqueak and The Duke.
Pipsqueak: [Eating noodles with The Duke on his shoulder.] Good to see you again, Aang!
Sokka: And the best part is, the eclipse isn't even our biggest advantage! [Whispers.] We have a secret... [Looks at both of his sides.] You!
Aang: Me?
Sokka: Yep, the whole world thinks you're dead! Isn't that great? [Stands up and raises both of his fists triumphantly.]
Aang is shocked. Cut to Aang looking out to the water from a side of the boat.
Aang: The world thinks I'm dead? How is that good news? That's terrible!
Sokka: [Approaching Aang.] No, it's great! It means the Fire Nation won't be hunting us anymore! And even better, they won't be expecting you on the Day of Black Sun!
Aang: No, no, no, no, no. You have no idea. This is so messed up!
Another Fire Nation ship approaches.
Aang: I'll handle this. The Avatar is back. [Opens glider and grunts in pain.]
Katara: [Approaching Aang.] Aang, wait! Remember, they don't know we're not Fire Nation!
Sweating, Aang puts his glider away.
Hakoda: Everyone just stay calm. [He and Bato put their helmets on.] Bato and I will take care of this.
Pipsqueak and The Duke cover Appa and Momo, while Aang, Toph, Sokka and Katara hide in a square hole.
Aang: I hate not being able to do anything.
Toph: Hopefully, you won't need to.
Crew from the other ship boards Team Avatar's ship.
Fire Navy officer: Commander, why are you off course? All Western Fleet ships are supposed to be moving toward Ba Sing Se to support the occupation!
Hakoda: Actually, we're from the Eastern Fleet. We have orders to deliver some cargo.
Fire Navy officer: Ahhh ... Eastern Fleet. Well, nice of Admiral Chan to let us know he was sending one of his ships our way.
Bato: I'm sure Admiral Chan meant no disrespect, sir.
Fire Navy officer: I mean, how hard is it to write a quick note and send a hawk our way?
Hakoda: Next time, we'll send [Bato and Hakoda glance at each other.] two hawks to make sure you get the message.
The two bow to each other, and Hakoda and Bato exit.
Guard: Sir ... Admiral Chan has been on leave for two months at Ember Island.
Fire Navy officer: What? Why doesn't anyone ever tell me anything? Something's not right; they should have known that. I think this is a captured ship. [Whispering.] Just stay quiet until we're safely across the ramp. Then we'll sink this ship.
Toph, hearing this, emerges.
Toph: They know!
She metalbends the bridge between the ships off. The captain and his guards fall into the water. Katara creates a large wave which separates the other ship from theirs. Team Avatar's ship departs quickly. The captain and his guards from the other ship climbs back on board theirs by rope ladder. Meanwhile, back at the Fire Nation Capital, Zuko feeds turtle ducks in a lake with some bread. Azula joins him.
Azula: You seem so downcast. Has Mai gotten to you already? Though actually, Mai has been in a strangely good mood lately.
Zuko: I haven't seen Dad yet. I haven't seen him in three years, since I was banished.
Azula: So what?
Zuko: So, I didn't capture the Avatar.
Azula: Who cares? The Avatar is dead ... [Zuko looks away.] unless you think he somehow miraculously survived.
Zuko flashes back to when Katara explained about her vial of spirit water in the Crystal Catacombs.
Katara: [During flashback.] This is water from the spirit oasis at the north pole. It has special properties so I've been saving it for something important.
Back to the present.
Zuko: No. There's no way he could have survived. [They glare at each other.]
Azula: Well, then I'm sure you have nothing to worry about.
Back at the ocean. The second ship begins firing at Team Avatar's. Toph takes an earthbending stance while The Duke stands behind her to guide her.
Toph: Load the Toph!
Pipsqueak drops a boulder in front of Toph who begins earthbending it at the attacking ship. It hits a catapult as another fires. others try to fight back with a series of rocks that Toph earthbends at the other ship. With The Duke's guidance, Toph earthbends another piece of rock and sends it to intercept the oncoming fireball. Aang, inside the ship with Sokka, makes a move to help but is stopped by Sokka. In frustration he bangs his head against his staff. The other ship fires a harpoon, piercing a hole in Team Avatar's ship's bottom. As water flows in, Katara, noticing this, freezes the water below to plug the hole.
Katara: I'm gonna give us some cover!
She brings up vapor from the water to create a fog screen. However, a fireball makes its way through and destroys the rocks that Toph had been using.
Cut back to Aang and Sokka in the ship.
Aang: I just can't stand by and do nothing! [Runs out.]
Sokka: [Following.] Aang, no! [Grabs the staff.] You're still hurt, and you have to stay secret! Just let us handle this.
Aang: Fine. [Grabs his staff and walks away.]
Two fireballs hit the ship causing a fire. Katara quickly extinguishes it with waterbending.
Toph: How are we doing?
Sokka: Things couldn't get much worse. [A serpent rises from the water near their ship. Sokka turns around and looks at it in despar. Yelling.] The universe just loves proving me wrong, doesn't it?
Toph: You make it too easy!
The serpent is hit by a fireball from the other ship. In anger, it wraps itself around the other ship, allowing Team Avatar's ship to escape.
Sokka: Thank you, the universe!
Team Avatar's ship arrives a port in a town. Aang is alone in his room, until the rest of the gang enter.
Toph: Hey, Aang! We're going into town to find some dinner.
Aang: [Clutching his stomach.] Well, I am pretty hungry. Maybe dinner's a good idea.
Sokka: Here, [Offering a Fire Nation bandana.] tie this around your head. It will cover your arrow.
Aang: I'm not going out if I can't wear my arrow proudly! [He lies back down.]
Sokka: Aang, come on. Be practical.
Katara: [Placing a hand on Sokka's shoulder.] You guys go ahead without us. We'll catch up to you. [Toph and Sokka exit. Katara sits on Aang's bed, placing a hand on his shoulder.] I think I understand why being a secret bothers you so much. You don't want people to think you failed.
Aang: You're right, I don't. But the problem is, I did fail!
Katara: Aang, that's not true.
Aang: [Getting up.] It is true. I was in Ba Sing Se. I was there! But I lost. And now the Earth Kingdom is fallen for good.
Katara: It's not for good. [Getting up too.] Remember, there's still a plan. The invasion!
Aang: And I hate the invasion plan, too! [Rips down the Fire Nation flag covering his staff.] I don't want you or anyone else risking your lives to fix my mistakes! I've always known that I would have to face the Fire Lord. But now I know I need to do it alone.
Katara: [Moving to comfort him.] Aang ...
Aang: Katara, please! Just go ... please.
Katara: [Exiting.] Is there anything you need?
Aang: I need to redeem myself. I need my honor back.
Back at the Fire Nation Capital, Zuko returns to the royal palace and prepares to face his father, Ozai. He breathes deeply and enters. We briefly see Ozai before cutting back to Team Avatar's ship. Katara returns to Aang's room.
Katara: I brought you some food! [Notices Aang has gone missing.] Oh no ... [Drops the food tray and runs.]
Cut to Aang, flying on his glider. Back at the Royal Palace, Zuko bows before Ozai.
Ozai: You've been away for a long time. I see the weight of your travels has changed you. You have redeemed yourself, my son. [Approaches Zuko; the camera pans up to view Ozai's full face for the first time.] Welcome home.
Aang struggles to remain in flight against his injuries. Back on the ship, Katara runs toward Bato and Hakoda. She is in tears.
Bato: I'll leave you two alone. [Exits.]
Hakoda: What's wrong, Katara?
Katara: He left.
Hakoda: What?
Katara: Aang. He just took his glider and disappeared. He has this ridiculous notion that he has to save the world alone, that it's all his responsibility.
Hakoda: Maybe that's his way of being brave.
Katara: It's not brave, it's selfish and stupid! We could be helping him and I know the world needs him, but doesn't he know how much we need him, too? How can he just leave us behind?
Hakoda: You're talking about me too, aren't you?
Katara: How could you leave us, Dad? [She attempts to wipe away the tears.] I mean, I know we had Gran-Gran, and she loved us, but we were just so lost without you.
Hakoda moves to comfort her as she turns away.
Hakoda: I'm so sorry, Katara.
Katara: [Embraces Hakoda.] I understand why you left. I really do, and I know that you had to go, so why do I still feel this way? I'm so sad and angry and hurt!
Hakoda: I love you more than anything. You and your brother are my entire world. I thought about you every day when I was gone and every night when I went to sleep, I would lie awake missing you so much it would ache.
The scene switches to the Royal Palace.
Ozai: I am proud of you, Prince Zuko. I am proud because you and your sister conquered Ba Sing Se. I am proud because when your loyalty was tested by your treacherous uncle, you did the right thing and captured the traitor. And I am proudest of all of your most legendary accomplishment: you slayed the Avatar.
Zuko: [Shocked.] What did you hear?
Ozai: Azula told me everything. She said she was amazed and impressed at your power and ferocity at the moment of truth.
The scene changes back to Aang continuing his flight, struggling. He comes upon a Fire Nation blockade.
Aang: A blockade.
He takes a deep breath and swims under it. Upon emerging, he finds a tree bark and rides it like a surfboard through the water. A storm turns the seas very choppy. He falls off and into the water and his staff flies away. Back to the palace, Azula is asleep when Zuko enters her room.
Zuko: Why'd you do it?
Azula: [Smiling, with her eyes still shut.] You're going to have to be a little more specific.
Zuko: Why did you tell Father that I was the one who killed the Avatar?
Azula: Can't this wait until the morning?
Zuko: It. Can't.
Azula: [Sighs and opens her eyes.] Fine. You seemed so worried about how Father would treat you because you hadn't captured the Avatar. I figured if I gave you the credit, you'd have nothing to worry about.
Zuko: But why?
Azula: [Getting out of bed.] Call it a generous gesture. I wanted to thank you for your help and I was happy to share the glory.
Zuko: You're lying.
Azula: [Walking past Zuko.] If you say so ...
Zuko: You have another motive for doing this, I just haven't figured out what it is.
Azula: Please Zuko, what ulterior motive could I have? What could I possibly gain by letting you get all the glory for defeating the Avatar? [Approaching close to Zuko she places a hand on his shoulder.] Unless, somehow, the Avatar was actually alive. All that glory would suddenly turn to shame and foolishness. But you said it yourself, that was impossible. [Zuko begins to leave.] Sleep well, Zuzu.
Back in the sea, Aang struggles to stay above water or reach his glider. After letting out a scream, a wave overcomes him and he falls into the water. He re-emerges after a brief time.
Aang: I'm not gonna make it. I failed. [Within the lightning strikes, the spirit of Roku appears before Aang.] Roku?
Roku: You haven't failed, Aang.
Aang: But everyone thinks I'm dead again. They think I've abandoned them, and I'm losing this war. I'm letting the whole world down.
Roku: If anyone is to blame for the state of the world, it is me. I should have seen this war coming and prevented it. You inherited my problems and my mistakes. But I believe you are destined to redeem me and save the world.
Aang: I don't know.
Moonlight shines onto Aang as Yue's spirit appears above.
Yue: You already saved the world. And you'll save the world again, but you can't give up.
The storm ends. The spirit of Roku disappears, while Yue's spirit descends toward Aang.
Aang: [Determined.] You're right. I won't give up.
He creates a wave and surfs it with the tree bark. Yue's spirit watches him leave and ascends back to the moon. Aang is washed up at the base of a volcano, on the same crescent island where Roku's temple once was. Later, Momo finds him and licks his face, waking him up. Katara, Sokka, and Toph find him, reaching him via Appa. Katara runs to hug him, her worried look changing to happiness.
Katara: You're okay!
They all, including Momo and Appa, come together for a group hug.
Aang: I have so much to do.
Katara: I know, but you'll have our help.
Toph: You didn't think you could get out of training just by coming to the Fire Nation, did you?
Aang: What about the invasion?
Sokka: We'll join up with my dad and the invasion force the day of the eclipse.
Toph: [Notices Aang's damaged staff has washed ashore.] Hey! What's ... oh, it's your glider.
Aang: It's okay. If someone saw it, it would give away my identity. It's better for now that no one knows I'm alive.
Flies up and sticks it in the volcano's lava trails, causing it to catch fire as they depart. Scene fades to credits.