The episode starts with a view of the exterior of Zuko and Iroh's apartment. Cut to the interior. Iroh is preparing food when Zuko awakens.
Zuko: What's that smell?
Iroh: It's jook. I'm sure you wouldn't like it.
Zuko: [Sniffs.] Actually, it smells delicious. I'd love a bowl, Uncle. [Holds a bowl up.]
Iroh: Now that your fever is gone, you seem different somehow.
Zuko: [Optimistically.] It's a new day. We've got a new apartment, new furniture, and today's the grand opening of your new tea shop. [Moves to a table and sits.] Things are looking up, Uncle. [Starts drinking the jook. Iroh's shocked expression changes to a smile.]
Aang and Sokka fly on Appa to a Water Tribe camp, where Hakoda is.
Aang: You haven't seen your dad in over two years. You must be so excited!
Sokka: [Almost throwing up.] I know I should be, but, I just feel sick to my stomach. [Holds his stomach.]
Aang: Don't be nervous. He's going to be so happy to see you! [He puts his hand on Sokka's shoulder who smiles.]
Sokka: So what about you? Are you nervous to meet this guru?
Aang: Not at all. I'm ready to master the Avatar State. I'll do whatever it takes. [Sokka gets off Appa.] See you in a week. Yip yip!
Aang and Appa fly away. Sokka arrives at the camp, where all the warriors greet him warmly.
Water Tribe warrior: Sokka, good to see you.
He looks and sees the main tent. Inside, Hakoda, Sokka's father, is looking at a map with more warriors, including Bato, now with scars on his arm. Bato nudges Hakoda and Hakoda becomes happy upon seeing Sokka.
Hakoda: Sokka.
Sokka: Hi, Dad.
The two embrace. Back at the Earth King's Royal Palace, the "Kyoshi Warriors", Azula, Mai, and Ty Lee in disguise, sit before King Kuei.
Kuei: Look Bosco! The Kyoshi Warriors are here to protect us! Aren't you excited? [Bosco yawns.] It's been a difficult week for me. My most trusted advisor, Long Feng, and his Dai Li agents tried to take control of Ba Sing Se from me.
Azula: It's terrible when you can't trust the people who are closest to you.
Kuei: [Pets Bosco.] But there is good news. As we speak, the Council of Five is meeting to plan an invasion of the Fire Nation this summer, on the day of a solar eclipse.
For a second, Azula's eyes slightly widen with shock and worry upon hearing this, but she quickly hides it.
Azula: Really? Now that sounds like a fascinating and brilliant plan. [Glances off as Mai and Ty Lee look at each other.]
Cut to the Council of Five meeting, where Katara and Momo are present.
General How: General Fong's base will serve as the launching point for the attack. In exactly two months, the army and navy will invade the Fire Nation on the Day of Black Sun.
Momo jumps on the map and begins knocking over the pieces.
Katara: Or we could send in Momo to do some damage! [Chuckles. The Council of Five are unamused.] 'Cause, the ... sorry.
General How: [Uses earthbending to stand the pieces back up, scaring Momo.] All we need is the Earth King's seal in order to execute the plan. [Sends the scroll across the table to Katara.]
Katara: I'll get these scrolls to him right away. Thank you, General How.
Aang continues his journey to the Eastern Air Temple. He spots Guru Pathik, who is meditating, and lands Appa.
Aang: Uhhh ... hello? You're Guru Pathik, right? [Aang approaches Pathik.] The person who attached the note to Appa's horn?
Pathik: Indeed. I was a spiritual brother of your people and a personal friend of Monk Gyatso. [Aang looks slightly surprised to hear this.]
Aang: In your note, [Aang sits.] you said you could teach me how to gain control of the Avatar State. How?
Pathik: You must gain balance within yourself, before you can bring balance to the world. And the first step to gaining balance begins with this. [Hands Aang a yellow beverage in a wooden cup.] Drink up!
Aang: [Takes it and looks at it. Drinks it and quickly spits it out to his left in disgust.] Uggh! It tastes like onion and banana juice!
Pathik: That's because it is! [Pathik empties another bowl and holds it over his head.] Yum yum!
Aang blinks in disbelief. Meanwhile, Xin Fu and Master Yu are working to bring Toph back to the Beifong Estate.
Yu: I believe we need to go right!
Xin Fu: What are you talking about? The Beifong Estate's this way!
Yu: I'm quite certain you're mistaken.
Toph: [Banging at the cell.] Hey! Can you two old ladies quit your bickering for a second? [Cut to inside the cell.] I got to go to the bathroom!
Yu: Oooh ... uhhh, okay, but make it quick! [Getting up with a key in hand.]
Xin Fu: [Stopping Yu.] What's wrong with you?
Yu: Ooh, very sneaky Toph! Nice try, but you can't trick me! [Sits down.]
Toph: Let me out of here so I can kick both your butts!
Xin Fu: Quit your banging! [Bangs the metal box.] You might think you're the greatest earthbender in the world, but even you can't bend metal!
Toph looks sad as she places her hand on a side of the metal box. The scene cuts to that night, and where Azula, Mai and Ty Lee are staying which is a small building in the Upper Ring. Mai and Ty Lee are removing their make-up. A smiling Ty Lee is looking in a mirror. She is wiping the last traces of her Kyoshi makeup from her face. Mai is seated next to Ty Lee, still working on her own face.
Azula: We have been presented with an extraordinary opportunity, girls.
Ty Lee: Mai finally gets to wear make-up that's not totally depressing? [Azula walks past toward a window.]
Mai: [With large, dark splotches of black makeup dripping down her eyes; Sarcastically.] Ha, ha.
Azula: I'm talking about conquering the whole Earth Kingdom. [The two girls turn with shocked looks.] For one hundred years, the Fire Nation has hammered away at Ba Sing Se from the outside. [Walks away from the girls and smirks while looking out of a window.] But now we're on the inside, and we can take it by ourselves.
Ty Lee: [Admiringly.] Gosh, you're so confident. I really admire that about you.
Azula: From the inside, we're in perfect position to organize a coup and overthrow the Earth King. The key is the Dai Li. Whoever controls the Dai Li [Turns back into the room.] controls Ba Sing Se.
Back to the Eastern Air Temple at a creek.
Pathik: In order to master the Avatar State, you must open all the chakras. Aang, tell me everything you know about chakras.
Aang: [Rubs eyes.] What are chakras?
Pathik: [Disappointedly.] Oh, I see. I guess we'll start with the basics. [As he explains he points to the water and the moss within.] The water flows through this creek, much like the energy flows through your body. As you see, there are several pools where the water swirls around before flowing on. These pools are like our chakras.
Aang: So chakras are pools of spiraling energy in our bodies?
Pathik: Exactly. If nothing else were around, this creek would flow pure and clear. However, life is messy, and things tend to fall in the creek. And then what happens?
Aang: The creek can't flow?
Pathik: Yes. But, if we open the ponds between the pools ... [He removes moss blocking the exit for the water.]
Aang: The energy flows! [The water that was blocked by the moss becomes clear. Aang and Pathik smile at each other.]
In another part of the temple, a cavern.
Pathik: There are seven chakras that go up the body. Each pool of energy has a purpose, and can be blocked by a specific kind of emotional muck. Be warned, opening the chakras is an intense experience, and once you begin the process, you cannot stop until all seven are open. Are you ready?
Aang: [Momentarily looks down.] I'll do whatever it takes.
Pathik: First we will open the Earth Chakra, located at the base of the spine. It deals with survival, and is blocked by fear. What are you most afraid of? Let your fears become clear to you.
Aang sees images of things that cause him great fear, including the Blue Spirit attacking him, General Fong sinking Katara into the ground, himself merging with La at the North Pole, Fire Lord Ozai, and Sozin's Comet, which make him scream.
Pathik: Aang, your vision is not real. You are concerned for your survival, but you must surrender those fears. Let your fears flow down the creek. [Aang clears the image away.] You have opened your Earth Chakra! [Aang wipes sweat off his forehead.]
Later, behind a waterfall.
Pathik: Next is the ...
Aang: Water Chakra?
Pathik: Brilliant! Maybe one day you will be a guru too! This chakra deals with pleasure and is blocked by guilt. Now, look at all the guilt with burdens you so. What do you blame yourself for?
Aang: [Sees the image of him leaving home.] I ran away. [Sees images of him in the Avatar State at General Fong's base.] I hurt all of those people.
Pathik: Accept the reality that these things happened, but do not let them cloud and poison your energy. If you are to be a positive influence on the world, you need to forgive yourself. [Aang takes a deep, focused breath, opening his Water Chakra.]
Scene cuts to the next day at the Water Tribe camp.
Hakoda: This bay leads directly to the outskirts of Ba Sing Se. We've been using these tangle mines to stop the Fire Nation ships from getting through.
Bato: [Filling the mine with skunk fish and seaweed before moving away.] Your father invented tangle mines himself.
Sokka: Destructive? Buoyant? And ... [Sniffs and immediately becomes disgusted.] Aggh, ehhh! Terrible smelling!
Hakoda: Very perceptive. The mines are filled with skunk fish and seaweed. When a ship detonates the mine, the seaweed tangles up the propeller and the foul smell forces people to abandon the ship. I call it the "stink and sink."
Sokka: [Laughs.] Good one, Dad!
Bato: [Nearby, unamused.] You're definitely your father's son.
Warrior: [Approaching.] Hakoda, our scouts have spotted four Fire Nation ships!
Hakoda: Bato, get these mines loaded up! The rest of you men, prepare for battle!
The warriors run off to prepare as Sokka looks around before looking back to his father.
Sokka: Uhhh ... what should I do, Dad?
Hakoda: Aren't you listening? I said, "The rest of you men, get ready for battle".
Sokka smiles, nods, and departs. Hakoda smiles proudly. Back in Ba Sing Se, at the Jasmine Dragon. Zuko and Iroh observe the happenings standing at the back.
Iroh: Who thought when we came to this city as refugees, that I'd end up owning my own tea shop? Follow your passion, Zuko, and life will reward you.
Zuko: Congratulations, Uncle.
Iroh: I am very thankful.
Zuko: You deserve it. The Jasmine Dragon will be the best tea shop in the city.
Iroh: No. I'm thankful because you decided to share this special day with me. It means more than you know. [The two embrace.]
Zuko: Now let's make these people some tea! [Walks away to the back.]
Iroh: [Overjoyed.] Yes, let's make some tea!
Back to the Eastern Air Temple, Aang and Pathik sit on a ledge.
Pathik: Third is the Fire Chakra, located in the stomach.
Aang: [Holding his stomach.] My Fire Chakra would like to eat something other than onion-banana juice.
Pathik: [Chuckles.] Good one! Moving on. This chakra deals with willpower, and is blocked by shame. What are you ashamed of? [Cuts to Aang's vision of his first attempt at firebending, which resulted in him accidentally burning Katara's hands.] What are your biggest disappointments in yourself?
Aang: I'm never going to firebend again. I can't.
Pathik: You will never find balance if you deny this part of your life. You are the Avatar and therefore, you are a firebender. [Aang breathes deeply.] Hmmm ... that chakra opened less like a flowing creek, and more like a ... burping bison.
Aang: [Loud belch.] Tastes like onions and bananas, but strangely something else. Pickles? [Pathik shrugs, and hums as if to say "I don't know".]
Back at the palace, two Dai Li agents hide on two pillars and secretly spy on a conversation between Mai and Ty Lee. The former is sitting on the stairs and the latter is practicing chi blocking and acrobatics.
Mai: [Sighs.] I'm tired of wearing this girly disguise. I don't know how anyone could fight in this.
Ty Lee: Maybe that's why it was so easy to beat the Kyoshi Warriors and take their clothes. [Punches the air, imitating her chi blocking.]
Mai: How much longer do we have to serve the Earth King? If I have to clean up one more pile of bear poop, I'm going to throw up.
Ty Lee: [Walks on her hands.] Princess Azula promised we would go back to the Fire Nation as soon as we captured the Avatar. We just have to be patient.
Mai: [Stands up.] Shush up! Do you want the whole palace to know we're Fire Nation?
Ty Lee: Sorry!
The agents smile and climb away. Azula, who was hiding behind another pillar, walks up to them.
Azula: Good work, girls. I'm sure the Dai Li will deliver the message.
Back at the Air Temple.
Pathik: The fourth chakra is located in the heart. It deals with love and is blocked by grief. [Aang smiles and looks at a Air Nomad statue nearby before looking sad.] Lay all your grief out in front of you.
Aang sees images of many airbenders, including Gyatso and Yangchen. He smiles upon seeing them, but becomes saddened as they start to vanish into smoke.
Pathik: You have indeed felt a great loss. [The airbenders appear floating in the clouds.] But love is a form of energy, and it swirls all around us. [Aang is lifted into the air and sees the Air Nomads floating in the smoke.] The Air Nomads' love for you has not left this world. It is still inside of your heart, and is reborn in the form of new love.
The smoke in front of Aang forms a face and shows the first thing he saw upon waking up from his iceberg: Katara. Back in the real world, Aang is starting to cry tears of joy.
Pathik: Let the pain flow away. [Aang wipes away his tears.] Very good.
Aang: [Choking up.] Can I have some onion-banana juice, please?
Inside another part of the temple.
Pathik: The fifth in the chain is the Sound Chakra, located in the throat. It deals with truth and is blocked by lies. The ones we tell ourselves.
Aang flashes back to when he, Katara, and Sokka first began their journey to the North Pole.
Katara (flashback)
Why didn't you tell us you were the Avatar?
Back to the real world, Aang finds himself answering the question.
Aang: Because I never wanted to be.
Pathik: You cannot lie about your own nature. You must accept that you are the Avatar. [Aang inhales and, seeing an image of himself on a cliff looking down at the ground, exhales, and accepts his nature.] Very good, Aang. You have opened the chakra of truth.
Outside the temple interior.
Pathik: The sixth pool of energy is the light chakra, located in the center of the forehead. It deals with insight and is blocked by illusion. The greatest illusion of this world is the illusion of separation. Things you think are separate and different are actually one in the same.
Aang: [An image is shown of the world, with the four nations' territories marked.] Like the four nations.
Pathik: [The image changes so the territories become the same color.] Yes. We are all one people, [The territories become separate again.] but we live as if divided.
Aang: We're all connected. Everything is connected.
Pathik: That's right! Even the separation of the four elements is an illusion. If you open your mind, you will see that all the elements are one. Four parts of the same whole. Even metal is just a part of earth that has been purified and refined.
As Pathik speaks, the camera fades to Xin Fu and Yu trying to take Toph home. She feels around the metal cage with seismic sense and feels tiny particles of earth in the metal. She smiles, exhales deeply and begins to push against the metal.
Toph: [Struggling.] Come on, metal. Budge! [She punches a hole in the metal and shakes her hand in pain.] Wooo! Toph, you rule.
She takes another punch as we cut back to Ba Sing Se. Katara walks by the Jasmine Dragon.
Katara: What do you say, Momo? A cup of tea before we get back to the king? [Arrives at the shop.] Table for two, please.
Zuko: Uncle! I need two jasmine, one green, and one lychee!
Iroh: I'm brewing as fast as I can!
Katara notices Zuko and Iroh. Stunned, she runs away from the shop.
The scene returns to Aang and Pathik, who sit at the top of the temple at night.
Aang: This is the last chakra, isn't it?
Pathik: Yes. Once you open this chakra, you will be able to go in and out of the Avatar State at will and when you are in the Avatar State, you will have complete control and awareness of all your actions.
Aang: [Smiles with determination.] Let's do this.
Pathik: The Thought Chakra is located at the crown of the head. It deals with pure cosmic energy, and is blocked by earthly attachment. Meditate on what attaches you to this world. [Images of Katara appear before Aang.] Now, let all of those attachments go. Let them flow down the river, forgotten.
Aang: [Coming out of his meditation.] What? Why would I let go of Katara? I ... I love her!
Pathik: Learn to let her go, or you cannot let the pure cosmic energy flow in from the universe.
Aang: Why would I choose cosmic energy over Katara? [Aang throws his hands up.] How could it be a bad thing that I feel an attachment to her? Three chakras ago that was a good thing!
Pathik: You must learn to let go. [Aang contemplates worriedly.]
Back at the palace, Katara runs to inform the Earth King, only to encounter the "Kyoshi Warriors".
Katara: Thank goodness you're here, Suki. Something terrible is going on. The Fire Nation has infiltrated the city, I just saw Prince Zuko and his uncle! [Azula widens her eyes in surprise and smiles slyly.] We have to tell the Earth King right away!
Azula: Oh, don't worry, I'll be sure to let him know.
Katara notices "Suki" has gold eyes and is shocked upon realization that the "Kyoshi Warriors" are actually Azula, Mai, and Ty Lee. She prepares to attack, but Ty Lee quickly jumps forward and blocks her chi.
Azula: [While the three girls gather around the fallen Katara; pans to camera looking up to the three girls.] So, Zuzu's in the city, too? I think it's time for a family reunion. [Momo flies off.]
Back at the temple.
Aang: I'm sorry, but I can't let go of Katara.
Pathik: Aang, to master the Avatar State, you must open all the chakras. Surrender yourself.
Aang: Okay, I'll try.
Pathik: Now think of your attachments and let them go. Let the pure cosmic energy flow.
Aang sees an image of him letting Katara go, and a bridge that will lead him to Avatar State mastery. His image looks down, smiles at the bridge, and walks up to the Avatar Spirit, which is an enlarged image of himself in the Avatar State. The Avatar Spirit is holding a ball of energy, and Aang walks directly inside of it. As he does so, his tatooes glow, and he closes his eyes. Right before he is able to completely open the final chakra and master the Avatar State, however, he hears a shriek from Katara and sees a vision of her in chains. At this, he jumps out of the energy sphere and runs away from the Avatar Spirit. The energy bridge that lead him there slowly vanishes behind him until it catches up and falls from underneath him, causing his image to plummet toward Earth. This cuts his connection to the Avatar State, which forces him back to reality.
Aang: Katara's in danger! I have to go! [Prepares to exit.]
Pathik: No, Aang! By choosing attachment, you have locked the chakra! If you leave now, you won't be able to go into the Avatar State at all!
Aang hesitates but leaves anyway, leaving Pathik concerned and disappointed. Meanwhile, the journey to take Toph back to her home is stopped when Xin Fu and Yu hear a loud noise. They go to investigate, and notice a hole in the cage and that Toph is gone.
Yu: It's another one her tricks!
Xin Fu: There's a giant hole in the box! How is that a trick!?
Toph: [From behind them.] It's not! It's the real deal!
She earthbends the two men together, throws them in the cage, and metalbends the cage shut.
Toph: [Jumps on top of the box.] I am the greatest earthbender in the world! Don't you two dunderheads ever forget it! [Stomps on the box and exits using earth surfing.]
Xin Fu: [Inside the box.] I'm going to be stuck in here forever with you, aren't I?
Yu: I have to go the bathroom. [Xin Fu groans and slams his head against the box.]
Back at the Water Tribe camp, Hakoda approaches Sokka.
Hakoda: Ready to go knock some Fire Nation heads?
Sokka: You don't know how much this means to me, Dad. I'll make you proud and I'll finally prove to you what a great warrior I am.
Hakoda: [Placing his hand on Sokka's shoulder.] Sokka, you don't have to prove anything to me. I'm already proud of you and I've always known you're a great warrior.
Sokka: Really?
Hakoda: Why do you think I trusted you to look after our tribe when I left?
Just as the two are boarding the ship, Aang and Appa appear. Aang shows a clear look of concern.
Sokka: This can't be good news.
Aang and Sokka depart. Just as they're leaving, Sokka looks back at Hakoda, who looks back and grins. Back in Ba Sing Se, Azula is led into a prison by two Dai Li agents. She is taken to Long Feng's cell.
Azula: What is this about? Your agents show up in the middle of the night and drag me down here? You will not treat a Kyoshi Warrior this way!
Long Feng: But you're not a Kyoshi Warrior, are you, [Standing.] Princess Azula of the Fire Nation?
Azula: What do you want?
Long Feng: I want to make a deal. It's time that I regain control of Ba Sing Se and you have something I need.
Azula: Oh?
Long Feng: The Earth King's trust.
Azula: Why should I help you?
Long Feng: Because I can get you the Avatar.
Azula: [Smirks.] I'm listening ...
Long Feng smiles. Back at the Jasmine Dragon, a royal messenger enters.
Royal messenger: A message from the Royal Palace.
Iroh: [Reads through, becomes shocked, and smiles.] I ... I can't believe it!
Zuko: What is it, Uncle?
Iroh: [Excited.] Great news! We've been invited to serve tea to the Earth King! [Runs off.]
Zuko smiles as he continues sweeping. Back in the prison hold, the door to Long Feng's cell is closed. Azula leaves Long Feng's presence and gives a smirk. Fade to credits.