The episode opens to show a gray sky as the camera moves back and down toward the Southern Air Temple where Aang is caught in a dream. In it, he is running about the Southern Air Temple. He comes across the room where he had found Monk Gyatso's skeleton in real life and instead sees his own self in the Avatar State. The personage of himself turns to glare at him angrily. Camera cuts to a terrified Aang, wind blowing past him. Cuts to a view of Sokka and Katara huddled behind a rock, watching the Avatar State Aang as he sends a forceful gust of wind that blows the real Aang back. He falls into the room in the Fire Temple he had visited to speak to Roku. The doors to the room open and reveal the personage of Aang in the Avatar State, who breathes fire and splits the floor in half. The real Aang falls through and lands on a Fire Navy ship in the Northern seas. The monstrous koi fish, called Koizilla, created when he and La had fused together during the Siege of the North appears before him, the personage of him inside. The Kozilla makes a downward cutting motion, and the personage does the same before a blinding white appears and the dream ends. Aang awakes from it and leaves the room where the gang is sleeping, exiting through a stairway. Katara awakens and catches sight of him leaving.
Katara: [Confused.] Aang ...
The camera cuts to a shot of Aang standing by the ledge of the Water Tribe ship on which they are sailing. Katara approaches him.
Katara: Do you want to talk about it?
Aang: Nah, just a nightmare. I was in the Avatar State, but I was outside my body watching myself. It was scary. I was scary. [Closes eyes and bows his head; Katara puts her hand on his shoulder.]
The scene changes to daybreak. Pakku is on the ship with two Water Tribe members and the gang.
Pakku: [Holds up flask.] Katara, I want you to have this. [Closes up on flask.] This amulet contains water from the Spirit Oasis. The water has unique properties. Don't lose it.
Katara: [Accepts amulet and hugs Pakku.] Thank you, Master Pakku.
Pakku: [Hands Aang box of scrolls.] Aang, these scrolls will help you master waterbending. But remember, they're no substitute for a real master. [Aang looks up at Katara, who is sitting on Appa and looks back.] Sokka ... [Pats him on shoulder, leaving him dismayed.] take care, son. [To the entire gang while pointing out in a direction.] Fly straight to the Earth Kingdom base to the east of here. General Fong will provide you with an escort to Omashu. There, you will be safe to begin your earthbending training with King Bumi.
Aang: Appa, yip yip!
Katara: [As they fly away.] Say hi to Gran-Gran for me!
Scene switches to a village. Iroh is lying on a table, getting a relaxing massage at a resort.
Iroh: This is what I've been missing. Who knew floating on a piece of driftwood for three weeks with no food or water, and sea vultures waiting to pluck out your liver could make one so tense? [Looks at the clearly unhappy Zuko, walks over to him, and sits down on the ground.] I see. It's the anniversary, isn't it?
Zuko: [In a brooding tone.] Three years ago today, I was banished. I lost it all. [Looks up.] I want it back. I want the Avatar, I want my honor, my throne. I want my father not to think I'm worthless. [Looks on regretfully.]
Iroh: I'm sure he doesn't. Why would he banish you if he didn't care? [Zuko gets up and walks away; he grimaces soon after; to the massagers.] Uh, that came out wrong, didn't it? [They look at each other in confusion.]
The scene switches to a Fire Nation ship. Several men bow as a royal carriage is brought out. Within the carriage is Princess Azula, the daughter of Ozai, niece of Iroh, and sister of Zuko.
Azula: [Stepping out of the carriage and walking down the line of soldiers.] My brother and my uncle have disgraced the Fire Lord, and have brought shame on all of us. You might have mixed feelings about attacking members of the Royal Family. I understand. But I assure you, if you hesitate, I will not hesitate to bring you down. Dismissed.
The soldiers leave. The captain runs up to Azula.
Captain: Princess, I'm afraid the tides will not allow us to bring the ship into port before nightfall.
Azula: I'm sorry, captain, but I do not know much about the tides. Could you explain something to me?
Captain: Of course, Your Highness.
Azula: Do the tides command this ship?
Captain: I'm afraid I don't understand.
Azula: You said the tides would not allow us to bring the ship in. [In a sharper tone.] Do the tides command this ship?
Captain: No, princess.
Azula: And if I were to have you thrown overboard, would the tides think twice about smashing you against the rocky shore?
Captain: [Worried.] No, princess.
Azula: [Runs fingers through her bangs.] Well then, maybe you should worry less about the tides who have already made up their mind about killing you, and worry more about me, who's still mulling it over. [Turns to face the captain angrily.]
Captain: I'll pull us in.
He leaves. Cuts to a close-up of Azula, who glares and narrows her eyes in suspicion. The scene switches to the team flying on Appa.
Sokka: [Rises to view their destination.] There it is!
The gang arrives at General Fong's base, where he and his soldiers are waiting.
Fong: Welcome, Avatar Aang! [Cuts to shot of the team stretching after riding on Appa.] I am General Fong, and welcome, to all of you great heroes! Appa, Momo, brave Sokka, the mighty Katara ...
Katara: [Pleased.] Mighty Katara? I like that.
Fireworks go off, launched by the soldiers using earthbending.
Sokka: [Viewing the display.] Not bad, not bad.
The scene cuts to inside the base, where General Fong and the team are sitting in a spacious discussion room.
Fong: [Camera view depicts entire room.] Avatar Aang, we were all amazed at the stories of how you singlehandedly wiped out an entire Fire Navy fleet at the North Pole. [Closes up to Fong, stroking his beard.] I can't imagine what it feels like to wield such devastating power. It's an awesome responsibility.
Aang: [Casually.] I try not to think about it too much.
Fong: [Calmly.] Avatar, you're ready to face the Fire Lord now.
Aang: [Shocked.] What? No I'm not!
Katara: [Holds out her hand in reasoning.] Aang still needs to master all four elements.
Fong: Why? With the kind of power he possesses, power enough to destroy hundreds of battle ships in a matter of minutes, he could defeat the Fire Lord now!
Sokka: But sir, the thing is, Aang can only do those things when he's in the Avatar State.
Aang: See, it's this special state where-
Fong: [Sharply.] I'm well aware! Your eyes and tattoos glow and you're able to summon unbelievable power. Without you, we'd be slaughtered before we even reach their shores. [Looks at map and guides finger from the location of the base to the location of the Fire Nation Capital.] But with you leading the way, as the ultimate weapon, we could cut a swath right through to the heart of the Fire Nation.
Aang: [Doubtfully.] Right, but, I don't know how to get in or out of the Avatar State, much less what to do once I'm there.
Fong: So, it's decided then. I'll help you figure out how to get into the Avatar State and then you'll face your destiny.
Katara: [The group rises; angrily.] No, nothing's decided. We already have a plan. Aang's pursuing his destiny his way.
Fong: Well, while you take your time learning the elements, the War goes on. May I show you something? [Leads Aang to a window.] That's the infirmary, and those soldiers are the lucky ones. [Several soldiers are injured and walking slowly.] They came back. Every day, the Fire Nation takes lives. People are dying, Aang! You could end it, now. Think about it.
Aang averts his eyes to the side, looking unsure. The scene changes to Azula's ship, where she is training. She stands perfectly straight, holding her fingers in her hand. The camera cuts to where Lo and Li are sitting, overseeing her training. Cuts to shot of Azula, as she moves her arms in a circular motion, generating lightning and firing the bolt into the sky.
Lo: Almost perfect.
Li: One hair out of place.
Azula: [Close-up of her face as she pushes a loose strand of hair away.] Almost isn't good enough!
She repeats her actions, generating lightning again and firing it off into the distance. Cuts to a shot of Iroh, who suddenly awakens from a nap, sits up and peers in curiosity. The scene changes to nightfall at Fong's base.
Aang: General Fong?
Fong: Come in, Aang. Have you thought about our discussion?
Aang: I'm in. I'll fight the Fire Lord.
The scene changes to where Aang has entered a room with several plain beds, where the team is resting for the night.
Aang: [Sits on his bed.] I told the general I'd help him, by going into the Avatar State.
Katara: [Sits up.] Aang, no! This is not the right way!
Sokka: [Resting on his bed with his arms behind his head.] Why not? Remember when he took out the Fire Navy? [Widens his eyes.] He was incredible!
Katara: There's a right way to do this. Practice, study, and discipline!
Sokka: [Casually.] Or just glow it up and stop that Fire Lord!
Katara: [Rises and throws her hands up in surrender.] If you two meat heads want to throw away everything we've worked for, fine, go ahead and glow it up! [Exits.]
Aang: Katara, I'm just being realistic! I don't have time to do this the right way!
Aang casts a mournful look. The scene changes to the next day where Fong, the team, and another soldier are sitting in an outdoor room. The soldier is pouring tea in a cup.
Soldier: [Drops white food item into the teapot.] This rare chi-enhancing tea is a natural stimulant. In an ordinary warrior, it improves strength and energy ten-fold. In you, it may induce the Avatar State.
Aang: Ten-fold energy, huh?
Aang drinks the tea, causing his eyebrows to twitch slightly. The camera pans downward to the same scene where Aang is riding rapidly on an air scooter, hyper from the energy boost.
Aang: [Quickly in a high-pitched voice.] Is it working? Is it working? I can't tell! Somebody tell me if I'm in the Avatar State 'cause I don't have a good view of myself! Am I talking too loud?
Sokka: [Sitting on the floor, tired out by Aang's actions.] I guess he could talk the Fire Lord to death.
Aang hits a pillar and falls backward. The scene switches to where Aang is sitting on the ground, Sokka standing a few feet away.
Sokka: Maybe I can shock you into the Avatar State.
Aang: I love surprises!
Camera cuts to view from Aang's perspective, Katara covering his eye with her hands. She uncovers his eyes to reveal Sokka towering over Aang, his head instead replaced with Momo's, who screeches. Aang screams and glances at his arrow tattoos.
Aang: [Holding up hands.] Still not glowing.
Cuts to view of the entire team as Sokka steps backward, loses his balance and falls to the ground off camera. Fong shakes his head in dismay. The scene changes to a dimly lit room where Aang is standing, wearing an outfit consisting of a Water Tribe cloak, an Earth Kingdom hat with leaves coming out of the top, part of a Fire Nation soldier outfit and what appears to be a belt.
Oracle: You are wearing a ceremonial piece of clothing from each of the bending nations. Now I will join the four elements into one! Water [Pours jug of water into the bowl.], earth [Pours in bowl of dirt.], fire [Takes nearby torch and throws it in.], air! [Releases air gust from wooden contraption.] Four elements together as one!
The oracle raises the bowl and flings the contents at Aang, coating him in mud.
Aang: [Annoyed.] This is just mud!
Oracle: [Quizzically.] So ... do you feel anything?
Aang raises his finger, catching everyone's interest, only to sneeze, causing mud to fly everywhere, coating Fong, Katara, and Sokka.
Fong: [Rubs mud from face.] We have to find a way.
The scene changes to Zuko and Iroh's place of stay, the room dark inside. Several various shells fall from a bag onto the table. The camera pans up to where Iroh is standing at the table, picking up and examining the different shells.
Iroh: [Holds up one shell.] Look at these magnificent shells! [Picks up a conch.] I'll enjoy these keepsakes for years to come.
Zuko: We don't need any more useless things! You forget, we have to carry everything ourselves now!
Azula: [From the corner, sitting at the table; calmly.] Hello, brother. Uncle.
Zuko: [Angrily.] What are you doing here?
Azula: [Holds up a shell in her hand.] In my country, we exchange a pleasant hello before asking questions. [Rises and walks toward Zuko and Iroh.] Have you become uncivilized so soon, Zuzu?
Zuko: [Angrily.] Don't call me that!
Iroh: [Clearly upset.] To what do we owe this honor?
Azula: Hmmm ... must be a family trait. Both of you so quick to get to the point. [Breaks the shell she was holding with her fingertips, leaving Iroh angry.] I've come with a message from home. Father's changed his mind. Family is suddenly very important to him. He's heard rumors of plans to overthrow him; treacherous plots. Family are the only ones you can really trust. [Pauses briefly.] Father regrets your banishment. He wants you home. [Silence.] Did you hear me? You should be happy. Excited. Grateful. I just gave you great news.
Iroh: I'm sure your brother simply needs a moment.
Azula: [Furiously.] Don't interrupt, Uncle! [To Zuko.] I still haven't heard my thank you. [Annoyed.] I'm not a messenger. I didn't have to come all this way.
Zuko: [Surprised.] Father regrets? He ... wants me back?
Azula: I can see you need time to take this in. I'll come to call on you tomorrow. Good evening.
She exits, leaving Zuko to ponder what has just been said. Meanwhile, at Fong's base, Aang and Katara stand on a balcony, the sun setting over the horizon.
Katara: Can we talk about something?
Aang: Sure.
Katara: [Cuts to side-shot of Aang and Katara.] Do you remember when we were at the air temple and you found Monk Gyatso's skeleton? It must have been so horrible and traumatic for you. I saw you get so upset that you weren't even you anymore. [Closes up to Katara.] I'm not saying the Avatar State doesn't have incredible and helpful power ... but you have to understand ... for the people who love you, watching you be in that much rage and pain is really scary.
Aang: I'm really glad you told me that. But I still need to do this.
Katara: [Upset.] I don't understand.
Aang: [Cuts to overall view of Aang and Katara.] No, you don't. Every day, more and more people die. I'm already one hundred years late. Defeating the Fire Lord is the only way to stop this war. I have to try it!
Katara: [Sadly.] I can't watch you do this to yourself. I'm not coming tomorrow. [Begins to exit.] Good night.
Aang: [Sadly.] Good night.
The scene changes to nightfall at Zuko and Iroh's house. Cuts to inside the house.
Zuko: [Packing belongings.] We're going home! After three long years, it's unbelievable!
Iroh: [Staring out the window thoughtfully.] It is unbelievable. I have never known my brother to regret anything.
Zuko: Did you listen to Azula? Father's realized how important family is to him! [Irritated.] He cares about me!
Iroh: [Turns to face Zuko and holds out arms in gesture.] I care about you! And if Ozai wants you back, well, I think it may not be for the reasons you imagine.
Zuko: [Turns his back to Iroh.] You don't know how my father feels about me. You don't know anything!
Iroh: Zuko, I only meant that in our family, things are not always what they seem.
Zuko: [Turns to face Iroh.] I think you are exactly what you seem! A lazy, mistrustful, shallow old man who's always been jealous of his brother!
Zuko walks away, leaving Iroh saddened. Meanwhile, Aang is caught in another dream. The dream takes place in the Southern seas on Zuko's ship, where the Avatar State Aang rises from the water, riding a water vortex, similar to the way Aang did in the beginning of the series. The personage lands on deck and sweeps away the real Aang with waterbending. The personage turns to Zuko and performs the same downward, cutting motion as seen in previous dreams before the dream abruptly ends and Aang awakens.
Aang: [Sits up in his bed.] Sokka! Sokka, wake up.
Sokka: Huh?
Aang: I don't think we should be trying to bring on the Avatar State.
Sokka: You sure?
Aang: Yes.
Sokka: [Nonchalantly.] Okay.
Aang: Do you think the general will be mad?
Sokka: What can he say? You're the Avatar. Who knows better than you?
Aang lies back on his bed, resting his head on his arms. The next morning, we cut back to Zuko, who is getting ready to return home. He descends a stone staircase, carrying his bags.
Iroh: [Holding up his hand in motion and running down the staircase after Zuko.] Wait! Don't leave without me!
Zuko: [Turns around, smiles and sets down pack.] Uncle! You've changed your mind!
Iroh: Family sticks together, right? [Lays hand on Zuko's shoulder.]
The scene flashes back to a shot of Zuko's father, Ozai, resting his hand on his son's shoulder years ago. Flashes back to present day.
Zuko: We're finally going home!
He resumes his descent. The camera closes up on Azula's ship sitting in the harbor. Closes up to Iroh, looking on with suspicion. The scene switches to the discussion room in Fong's base.
Aang: [Humbly.] The thing is, I don't think we'll ever be able to trigger it on purpose. So I guess that's it.
Fong: [Calmly.] You sure I can't change your mind?
Aang: I'm sure. I can only reach the Avatar State when I'm in genuine danger.
Fong: I see. I was afraid you'd say that.
He blasts his entire desk at Aang using earthbending, sending him soaring across the room.
Sokka: Aang! [Attempts to come to his aid, only to be held down by two soldiers.]
The impact sends Aang crashing through the wall and flying out of the building. He breaks his fall with airbending.
Fong: [Walks over toward the hole that was created from the impact and points to Aang.] Men! Attack the Avatar!
The scene cuts to a shot of Aang being surrounded by several earthbending soldiers, some riding on ostrich horses. Fong jumps out of the building and hits the ground, sending a rock wave at Aang which sends him back further.
Aang: [Alarmed.] What are you doing?
Fong: [Slyly.] I believe we're about to get results.
The camera focuses on soldiers, who prepare to fire large earth coins at Aang using earthbending. Cuts to a shot of Aang, looking nervously about him. The camera zooms out to a shot of him and his attackers before switching to a soldier, who sends an earth coin at him. Aang avoids two oncoming coins and soars in the air parallel to the ground between two more coins that are thrown at him. He lands safely to the ground.
Aang: [Looking about cautiously.] I'm not your enemy! I won't fight you!
He jumps into the air as four earth coins are sent his way, crashing into each other. As Aang begins his descent, another earth coin is sent skidding toward him; the coin crashes into one of the four stationery coins. Aang lands on the ground where the coin was standing just moments ago. Two of the other stationery coins are closed together. The camera cuts to a shot of Aang trapped inside the holes of the earth coins, rolling speedily away. An earthbender breaks the coins, crumbling them to bits. Aang lands on the ground, rises and faces the rest of the soldiers.
Meanwhile, Sokka, who was being held down by the two soldiers, raises his feet and steps on their bare feet forcefully. The two soldiers release their grip and fall forward onto the ground in pain while Sokka runs away to aid Aang.
Outside, Aang narrowly avoids two earth coins sent at him, one flying above him, one flying below him. Two more earth coins are sent from opposite sides of the ring, threatening to crush him. Aang manages to escape by dodging through the holes in the coins just as they collide together and fall to the ground.
Riding an air scooter, Aang zigzags past several soldiers who attempt to slow him down by conjuring up rock walls in his path. Two soldiers riding ostrich horses chase after him as Aang rides past and scales up the wall of the base. As he is seen riding up the wall on the air scooter, the two soldiers use earthbending to propel themselves upward. Aang's air scooter runs out of air and he begins running up the wall, the two soldiers following him in hot pursuit. Cuts to a top view of Aang scaling the wall, only to narrowly dodge two spears coming his way.
He falls to the ground. The two soldiers land on the wall and descend to the ground after him. Aang somersaults forward as he avoids their spear attacks yet again. He lands onto the ground, an earth coin embedded into it. The earth coin is suddenly sent upward and dragged forward, Aang being trapped in its hole. The earth coin lands in front of Fong.
Fong: You can't run forever!
Aang: You can't fight forever!
Fong leaps forward and crushes the earth coin, just as Aang jumps to avoid the attack. Dust from the impact is sent flying toward the screen. The scene changes to where Zuko and Iroh are approaching Azula's ship. The camera pans upward and focuses on a shot of Azula standing quietly on top of a ramp leading up to the ship. Royal Procession guards stand on either side of them as they walk, forming an aisle. Iroh averts his eyes suspiciously between the guards. They reach the ship and bow; the guards behind them walk forward and close the aisle.
Azula: Brother! Uncle! Welcome! I'm so glad you decided to come.
The camera cuts to a side-shot of Iroh, opening his eyes slightly and casting a suspicious glance at the guards.
Captain: Are we ready to depart, Your Highness?
Azula: [Sweetly.] Set our course for home, captain.
Zuko: [Wistfully.] Home.
Captain: [He walks up the ramp with Zuko and Iroh following him and raises his hand in gesture.] You heard the princess! Raise the anchors! We're taking the prisoners home!
The captain widens his eyes in realization at his mistake and looks at Azula. Zuko and Iroh stop, looking surprised. Cut to Azula with a look of surprise on her face. The camera rushes to her face as her expression turns to fury. Cut back to the captain, his eyes wide.
Captain: [Nervously.] Your Highness, I ...
Cut to Zuko, his eyes widening. Cuts to a close-up of Iroh, who narrows his eyes to the left and suddenly begins attacking the guards. He pushes them off the edge of the walkway and sends fire blasts their way. Cuts to a side-shot of Zuko, as he stomps furiously up the ramp and throws the captain off.
Zuko: You lied to me! [Cut to Azula, who appears confident.]
Azula: [Smugly.] Like I've never done that before.
She turns her back to him and walks away, as two guards standing near her shoot fire blasts at Zuko. Zuko crosses his arms and spreads them outward, deflecting the attacks and shouts as he charges onto the ship. The scene changes to Aang, who avoids three earth coins that slam onto the ground, threatening to crush him. He runs to the left of the screen as another coin rolls his way. The scene changes to the team's bedroom, where Katara is lying on her bed, listening to the noises outside.
Katara: I wonder what crazy thing they're trying to do now. [Momo, who is sleeping on a pillow, raises his head before going back to sleep. Katara hears another rumble outside and grows worried.] Maybe we should just make sure Aang's okay.
She rises from her bed. The camera cuts to a shot of the base tower and pans downward to show Katara and Sokka running down opposite stairways. They meet up at the bottom of the base.
Katara: [Frantically.] What's going on?
Sokka: The general's gone crazy! He's trying to force Aang into the Avatar State!
Sokka pulls out his boomerang and throws it as Katara runs off. Cuts to a shot of a soldier, who is hit by the boomerang and falls to the ground in a daze, knocking over the earth coin in the process. Cuts to Aang, who is being chased by another soldier mounted on an ostrich horse. The head of the spear the soldier was holding is suddenly snapped off. He slows down, stunned at this. Cuts to a shot of Katara summoning a water whip.
Sokka: [Approaching the ostrich horse carefully.] Good ... bird ... horse thingy ...
Sokka mounts it and the animal begins galloping away, leaving Katara standing in the arena. The camera zooms out to Fong. Several earth coins are summoned, rolling toward Katara before coming to a standstill.
Fong: [Looking back at Aang, who has managed to escape up a stairway.] Maybe you can avoid me ... but she can't.
The soldiers rotate the earth coins so that their flat sides face Katara. The camera zooms out to the entire arena, the coins forming a triangular pattern around Katara. The waterbender sends a water whip at Fong, who summons up dust pillars that deflect the water and turn it to mud. He uses earthbending to begin sinking her into the ground. She twists around, buried knee deep.
Katara: [Struggling to break free.] I can't move!
Aang: [Worried; clenches his fists.] Don't hurt her!
He leaps onto the ground and sends a gust of wind at Fong, who summons an earth wall to block the attack. Fong brings down the earth wall and sinks Katara into the ground further, this time burying her waist deep.
Sokka: [Riding the ostrich horse.] Katara! No!
He gallops toward her, but Fong sinks the animal's feet into the ground, flinging Sokka off the ostrich horse. Sokka slams into the hole of an earth coin, leaving him dangling.
Aang: [Desperately and clutching onto Fong's arm.] Stop this! You have to let her go!
Fong: You could save her if you were in the Avatar State!
Aang: [Tears forming around his eyes.] I'm trying ... I'm trying!
Katara: [Frantically.] Aang, I'm sinking! [Twists around again and is buried chest deep.]
Fong: [Demanding.] I don't see glowing! [Lowers his right arm and begins closing his hand into a fist; Katara becomes buried neck deep.]
Katara: [Desperately.] Please!
Aang: [Falling to his knees, begging.] You don't need to do this!
Fong: [Scornfully.] Apparently, I do.
He clenches his fist tight, sinking Katara completely. She cries out in fear before being completely buried in the ground. Aang leaps forward and attempts to save her, however, he falls short. Closes up on Aang, as his arrow tattoo begins to glow a bright white. He turns his head to face Fong, the Avatar State now triggered.
Fong: [Triumphantly.] It worked! It worked!
An air blast is sent his way and his triumphant expression soon becomes one of fear as he realizes the situation. Cuts to Aang, who performs the downward cutting motion as seen in his previous dreams and pushes Fong back with a powerful air blast. Fong lands roughly on the ground. Cuts to Aang, who begins rising on an earth vortex.
The scene changes to Zuko, who leaps onto the deck of the ship and blasts the two guards off the ship with two fire blasts. He lands on deck. The camera zooms out to where Azula is standing patiently several feet away, her back turned to him. Focuses on Azula, who smirks. Cuts to Zuko, who clenches his fists and prepares fire daggers. Cuts to Iroh, who continues to attack the guards on the walkway.
Iroh: [Pushes several guards away; grabs one and wrestles him.] Zuko! Let's go!
He hurls the guard over the edge and steps to the side to avoid another guard's attack and push him aside. Cuts back to Zuko, who charges at Azula with fire daggers. Zooms out to where he attempts to strike Azula, only for the princess to acutely dodge all of his blows. Cuts to close-up of her as she smirks at her brother. Zooms out to both siblings as Zuko keeps attacking and Azula keeps avoiding. Zuko brings down his right hand to land another blow, however, Azula manages to push him away.
Azula: You know, Father blames Uncle for the loss of the North Pole. And he considers you a miserable failure for not finding the Avatar! [Cuts to Zuko, who is panting heavily.] Why would he want you back home, except to lock you up [Cuts back to Azula.] where you can no longer embarrass him?
Zuko conjures up two fire daggers again. He leaps into the air and sends a powerful fire blast at Azula using his foot. She jumps and lands safely on the deck several feet away. Zuko charges at her as she rises to her feet. After dodging several more attacks, she manages to scrape his forehead with her fingernails, leaving three scratch marks on his temple. Zuko falls back a few feet from the impact and yells as he charges at her again.
The two continue to duel, eventually making their way up a stairway that leads to the central control area of the ship. Azula manages grab hold of Zuko's arm. A few seconds pause as the two stand silently, Zuko widening his eyes in alarm. Cuts to a side-shot of the stairway where Azula knocks him to his feet with a blue fire blast. Zuko lands roughly at the bottom of the stairwell. Cuts to a shot from Zuko's perspective, the screen slightly blurred to show the effects of the blow. The camera travels upward from side to side before landing on Azula, who moves both her arms in a circular motion, generating lightning. Cuts to shot of her readying the attack and firing the bolt at her brother, only for Iroh to step in suddenly, grab hold of her right hand and redirect the lightning, causing it to strike a far-off cliff side. He bends her downward and kicks her off the ship. Azula lands in the water below with a splash. Cuts to Zuko and Iroh, who run away from the ship.
The scene changes to Fong's base, where Aang is rising on the earth vortex, still under the control of the Avatar State.
Fong: [Pleading.] Avatar Aang! Can you hear me? Your friend is safe! [Brings Katara back above ground; cuts to close-up of her as she looks up at Aang in misery.] It was just a trick to trigger the Avatar State ... [Cuts back to Fong, who smiles maniacally.] and it worked!
Aang swivels about on the vortex and lands on the ground forcefully, causing a flurry of dust to spread. Fong is sent back several feet while Katara remains rooted to the ground where she was. Cuts to the left of the arena where several soldiers are standing, a torrent of dust rumbling their way. The dust clears to reveal the ground broken and in ruins. Cuts to right of the arena, where several soldiers on ostrich horses stand. The dust torrent passes over them and clears, revealing that side in ruins. Cuts to another area of the base, where several houses lie. Again, the torrent passes over, leaving the houses considerably damaged.
Cuts to Aang, who is still under the influence of the Avatar State. His spirit is seen leaving his body and rising into the air. Cuts to bird's-eye view of the base as Roku's dragon, Fang passes by, Avatar Roku and Aang riding atop the beast.
Roku: [Looking at Aang.] It's time you learned.
They fly higher above the dusty clouds. Cuts to side shot of the dragon, many small figures seen floating in the distance.
Roku: [Cuts to Roku.] The Avatar State is a defense mechanism, designed to empower you with the skills and knowledge of all the past Avatars.
Cuts to Avatar Kyoshi, who stands surrounded by rocky mountain terrain. Her eyes glow for a moment and she assumes a fighting stance. The camera zooms out to reveal two large earthen statues, somewhat resembling badgermoles. She performs a series of moves which cause the statues to rise into the air, and send them past toward the camera.
Roku: The glow is the combination of all your past lives, focusing their energy through your body.
Cuts to a shot of Avatar Kuruk, riding atop a raft in the middle of the ocean. His eyes glow momentarily before he raises his arms and summons a gigantic tsunami-like wave. He is seen rapidly riding atop the wave toward the screen. Cuts to Avatar Yangchen, who stands in a grassy field surrounded by a forest area. Her eyes glow briefly as she swings her arms and swivels around, conjuring powerful winds. The camera zooms out to the entire field and the forest blown violently by the wind.
Roku: In the Avatar State, you are at your most powerful, [Cuts to Avatar Szeto, who summons lava spouts from four volcanoes; the lava washes over the screen and the scene cuts back to Roku and Aang.] but you are also at your most vulnerable.
Aang: What do you mean?
Roku: If you are killed in the Avatar State, [The figures of him and the Avatars in the background are blown away like dust.] the reincarnation cycle will be broken [Shows the line of Avatars with Aang standing at the end; the Avatars begin to fade away in succession down the line.] and the Avatar will cease to exist.
Aang is shown with a worried look on his face. The scene cuts to the base where Fang flies over Fong's base. Cuts to Aang's body, surrounded by a dome of air. Fang flies downward, head first, passing through Aang's body and into the ground. Aang's spirit is brought back to his physical self and he exits the Avatar State.
He falls to the ground weak and surveys the damage he caused to the base. Cuts to the ruins of the arena, houses destroyed and earth coins flung about. Cuts to Katara, completely unharmed from the whole ordeal, who approaches Aang and hugs him.
Aang: [Embracing her; regretfully.] I'm sorry, Katara. I hope you never have to see me like that again.
Fong: [Triumphantly.] Ha! Are you joking? That was almost perfect! [Thoughtfully.] We just have to find out a way to control you when you're like that.
Aang: [Slightly angry.] You're out of your mind.
Fong: I guess we'll figure it out on the way to the Fire Nation.
Sokka appears behind the general, riding the ostrich horse. He raises his club and strikes the general on the head, which knocks him out cold.
Sokka: Anybody got a problem with that?
The soldiers shake their heads. Zooms out to the gang, several soldiers and Fong, who lies on the ground motionless.
Soldier: Do you still want an escort to Omashu?
Katara: [Casts the group a look of annoyance.] I think we're all set.
The group leaves the base on Appa. The scene changes to the village resort. Azula is seen standing on the balcony of one of the residential buildings. Two Royal Procession guards stand in the background to protect her.
Azula: [Holds up wanted poster of her brother and uncle.] Anyone who harbors these traitors will face the wrath of the Fire Lord! [She lays a hand on the balcony, causing the two massagers to cower in fear; cuts to close-up of her.] There will be no place left to hide!
The scene changes to a riverside. The shadowy reflections of two figures on the run can be seen in the water. Cuts to view of the river bank and the area nearby as Zuko and Iroh run frantically. Cuts to riverbank as the two stop and fall to the ground, catching their breath.
Iroh: I think we're safe here.
Cuts to shot from Zuko's perspective as he pulls out a small dagger. Cuts to close-up of Zuko holding the dagger, its blade reflecting the sunlight. Cuts briefly to Iroh, who closes his eyes, seemingly aware of his nephew's actions. He casts a look at Zuko, who holds the knife under his ponytail. Cuts to close-up of his ponytail, as he slices it off with the knife. He holds it in his hand and looks at it for a moment before passing the knife to Iroh, who cuts off his topknot. Cuts to Zuko's hand, as he releases his ponytail. Cuts to the surface of the river, as the two topknots are released and float down the river. The camera zooms out to where Zuko and Iroh stand quietly on the bank of the river.
Fades to credits.