Momo flies out the broken side of the house and they all exit. Two Dai Li agents watch overhead from a house roof across the street. 
The scene changes to the Royal Palace, where Long Feng meets with that particular Joo Dee. Two Dai Li agents stand guard.
Long Feng: I'm very disappointed in your work with the Avatar and his friends, Joo Dee. I had hoped that you would be able to control this situation.
Joo Dee: I am so sorry, but they don't trust me anymore. [Starts getting upset.] I don't think I can keep working like this! [Begins to sob.]
Long Feng: Joo Dee, the Earth King has invited you to Lake Laogai.
Joo Dee: [Camera zooms toward her eye as its iris dilates; in a monotone voice.] I am honored to accept his invitation.
Long Feng: [Nods.] Good. Now go await further orders. [Joo Dee nods and begins to exit. Long Feng gets up and moves to the fireplace.] If the Avatar keeps searching for his bison, it could upset the delicate balance we've worked so hard to achieve in this city. It could even cost us control of the Earth King.
Dai Li agent: Should we take care of him?
Long Feng: No. It's much too dangerous for us to confront him directly. Let's see if we can still handle this quietly.
At Iroh and Zuko's place of stay, which is about to change. Zuko enters Iroh's room. Iroh is packing his clothes.
Iroh: So, I was thinking about names for my new tea shop. How about the Jasmine Dragon? It's dramatic, poetic, has a nice ring to it.
Zuko: [Shows Iroh the flyer.] The Avatar is here in Ba Sing Se and he's lost his bison.
Iroh: [Grabs the flyer.] We have a chance for a new life here. [Cut to Zuko looking out a window.] If you start stirring up trouble, we could lose all the good things that are happening for us.
Zuko: [Turns to Iroh.] Good things that are happening for you! Have you ever thought that I want more from life than a nice apartment and a job serving tea?
Iroh: There is nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity. I suggest you think about what it is that you want from your life and why.
Zuko: I want my destiny.
Iroh: What that means is up to you. [Zuko walks away. Continues brainstorming names for his new tea shop.] The Tea Weevil! No, that's stupid.
Cut back to Team Avatar, who are working to put up more posters.
Sokka: We'll split up to cover more area. Toph, I guess you should just come with me.
Toph: [Peevishly.] Why? Because you think I can't put up posters on my own?! [Angrily takes the paintbrush of glue from Sokka and throws glue on the wall. She slams a poster on it, but it is backward. Awkward pause.] It's upside-down, isn't it? I'll just go with Sokka.
They all go their separate ways, with Toph following Sokka. Cut to an open square, where Katara is putting up a poster on a stone plinth near a flowing water stream. Suddenly, behind her, she hears a familiar voice call out.
Jet: Katara?
Jet is seen emerging from an alleyway at the edge of the square. Katara wheels around with a startled gasp.
Jet: [Walks closer. Smiling confidently.] I think I can help you. [Katara's shocked blush transforms into a look of pure outrage. With a sweep of her arms, she bends up water from a lake directly at him while screaming in rage. Jet looks at the wave in fright.] Katara, I've changed!
The wave hits Jet, sending him back quite a distance.
Katara: [Bending up remaining water from the wave.] Tell it to some other girl, Jet! [Turns the water to ice, which sends Jet back to a wall.]
Jet: [Blocks the ice with his swords.] I don't want to fight you, I'm here to help!
Throws his swords down, and reaches for something behind his back. Katara quickly fires more ice crystals, which pin him to the wall. The rest of the team approaches.
Sokka: Katara, what is it?
Katara: Jet's back. [Close-up of Jet's face. Cut to aerial view before switching to a closer view of the group.] We can't trust anything Jet says.
Sokka: But we don't even know why he's here!
Katara: I don't care why he's here, whatever the reason is, it can't be good!
Jet: I'm here to help you find Appa! [Opens his hand and reveals he is holding a missing Appa poster.]
Aang: [Turning from the leaflet back to Katara.] Katara, we have to give him a chance.
Jet: I swear, I've changed! I was a troubled person and I let my anger get out of control, but I don't even have the gang now! I've put all that behind me!
Katara: You're lying!
Toph: [Walks up to Jet and feels the wall he is pinned to.] He's not lying.
Sokka: How can you tell?
Toph: I can feel his breathing and heartbeat. When people lie, there's a physical reaction. He's telling the truth.
Aang: Katara, we don't have any leads. If Jet says he can take us to Appa, we have to check it out.
Katara: All right. [Points and looks angrily at Jet.] But we're not letting you out of our sight.
She stabs her finger at Jet once more for emphasis, eyes narrowed. Cut to Jet entering a dimly lit warehouse, which sits empty except for a few sacks and a pile of canvas and rope.
Jet: This is the place I heard about.
Aang: There's nothing here.
Katara: [Preparing to waterbend in defense.] If this is a trap–
Jet: I told you, I work nearby! Two guys were talking about some giant furry creature they had, I figured it must be Appa!
Toph: He was here! [She shows them a clump of Appa's fur.]
Aang: [Sadly.] We missed him. [An old white haired man with a push-broom crosses behind the slumping Aang.]
Old Sweepy: They took that big thing yesterday. [Aang straightens with a shocked look.] Shipped him out to some island. About time, I've been cleaning up fur, and various, uhhh ... leavings all day.
Aang: [Aang swiftly moves closer to the man.] What island? Where's Appa?
Old Sweepy: Foreman said some rich royal type on Whaletail Island bought him up. Guess for a zoo or such. Though, could be the meat that'd be good.
Aang: We've got to get to Whaletail Island! [Pauses.] Where's Whaletail Island? [Dejectedly.]
Sokka: [Looking at map.] Far, very far. [Puts the map on the ground as they all gather round.] Here it is. It's near the South Pole, almost all the way back home.
Katara: Aang, it will take us weeks just to get to the tip of the Earth Kingdom. And then we'll need to find a boat to get to the island.
Aang: I don't care. We have a chance to find Appa! We have to try!
Old Sweepy: Must be nice to visit an island. I haven't had a vacation for years.
Katara: Don't you have some more hair to clean up?
Old Sweepy: Shuffle on, I get you. No more need for Old Sweepy ...
Katara: You're right Aang, right now our first concern has to be finding Appa. We can come back when we have him.
Sokka: All right, let's get moving.
Jet: I'll come with you.
Katara: We don't need your help!
Jet: Why won't you trust me? [Walks after Sokka and Aang.]
Katara: Gee, I wonder.
Toph: [After Jet walks away.] Was this guy your boyfriend or something?
Katara: What ... no! [She folds her arms and looks away defiantly.]
Toph: [Smiles.] I can tell you're lying ... [Katara runs away from her, embarrassed.]
Back within the city: Sokka: We can take the train out to the wall but then we'll have to walk.
Aang: Don't worry, on the way back we'll be flying!
Toph: We're finally leaving Ba Sing Se. [Spreads her arms outward in celebration.] Worst ... city ... ever!
Smellerbee and Longshot appear in the background and notice Jet.
Smellerbee: [Surprised.] Jet!
Katara: [Looks at Jet angrily.] I thought you said you didn't have your "gang" anymore!
Jet: [Turns to look at Smellerbee, confused.] I don't!
Smellerbee: [Runs up to Jet and hugs him.] We were so worried. How did you get away from the Dai Li? [Camera quickly zooms in to Katara's shocked face.]
Katara: [Shocked.] The Dai Li?!
Jet: I don't know what she's talking about!
Smellerbee: He got arrested by the Dai Li a couple of weeks ago. We saw them drag him away!
Jet: Why would I be arrested? I've been living peacefully in the city!
Toph: [Feeling the ground between Jet and Smellerbee.] This doesn't make any sense. They're both telling the truth.
Katara: That's impossible.
Sokka: No it's not! Toph can't tell who's lying because they both think they're telling the truth. Jet's been brainwashed!
Jet: That's crazy! It can't be! [Glances to the sides.] Stay away from me!
They all surround him. Cut to the moon in the night sky. Cut to a Dai Li agent walking the streets. Zuko, disguised as the Blue Spirit, runs by.
Zuko: Out of my way, skinny!
The agent prepares to use his rock glove, but pauses when the disguised man turns into an alley. The agent runs to the alley and sees a figure that appears to be him. He fires his rock gloves at the figure's chest and head, knocking off the stuffed figure's head and knocking it down.
Dai Li agent: Huh?
There is the whisper of a drawn blade behind him and Zuko, still disguised, captures him and places one of his swords to the agent's neck.
Zuko: If you don't want to end up like him, you'll do what I say.
Back in an unknown building, Team Avatar, Longshot, and Smellerbee all surrounding a seated Jet.
Katara: The Dai Li must have sent Jet to mislead us, and that janitor was part of their plot, too!
Aang: I bet they have Appa here in the city. Maybe he's in the same place they took Jet! Where did they take you?
Jet: Nowhere! I- I don't know what you're talking about!
Aang: We need to find a way to jog his real memories.
Sokka: [Teasingly.] Maybe Katara should kiss him. That should bring something back!
Katara: Maybe you should kiss him, Sokka!
Sokka: Hey, just an idea!
Aang: [Jealously.] A bad one.
Sokka: Ooh, wait! I've got it!
Sokka plucks a straw from his mattress, pokes it into Jet's mouth in trademark fashion and regards him thoughtfully.
Jet: I don't think it's working. [Spits it out.]
Toph: Try to think of something from your past that triggers your emotions.
Smellerbee: The Fire Nation! Remember what they did to your family!
Katara: Close your eyes. Picture it.
Jet closes his eyes, while sweat beads start to form on his forehead. His eyes suddenly snap wide open and he sees images of himself at a younger age watching his town burning down and Mongke looking back at him.
Jet: [Sweating.] No! It's too painful!
Katara: Maybe this will help. [Takes water and puts it around his ears, using healing to clear his mind.]
Jet looks up from the floor and sees an image of Long Feng standing above a lake. Long Feng stares at Jet, and Jet sinks down under the lake into an underground room. He sees an image of a Dai Li agent shining a spinning light in his face.
Jet: They took me to a headquarters under the water. Like a lake!
Sokka: Wait! Remember what Joo Dee said? She said she went on vacation to Lake Laogai!
Jet: [Stands up.] That's it! Lake Laogai.
Fade to an aerial shot of Lake Laogai. The camera pans down to show Team Avatar, Jet, Longshot, and Smellerbee standing at the edge of the lake.
Sokka: So where's this secret headquarters?
Jet: Under the water, I think.
Toph: There's a tunnel right there by the shore.
Toph points to the side and whistles as she walks to the edge of the shore. She uses her earthbending to bring up a slab of rock with an entrance. She moves the rock out the way with the same technique. They all look down at the tunnel and Momo flies away. Cut to them inside the secret headquarters. Jet checks to make sure the coast is clear and they walk down a long hallway.
Jet: It's all starting to come back to me!
Jet walks past a room where a member of the Dai Li brainwashes a group of women.
Brainwasher: I'm Joo Dee. Welcome to Ba Sing Se.
Joo Dees: [Simultaneously.] I'm Joo Dee. Welcome to Ba Sing Se.
Brainwasher: We're so lucky to have our walls to create order.
Joo Dees: [Simultaneously.] We're so lucky to have our walls to create order.
Jet: I think there might be a cell big enough to hold Appa up ahead. I think it's through here! [Opens a door.]
Cut to Appa chained up as a door opens in his cell and Appa wakes up. Cut to Zuko standing at the door, disguised as the Blue Spirit.
Zuko: Expecting someone else?
Jet opens the other door. An overhead shot reveals several Dai Li agents waiting on the ceiling. The door closes suddenly behind them. Lights turn on, revealing the agents.
Sokka: Now that's something different.
Long Feng: You have made yourselves enemies of the state. Take them into custody.
The Dai Li agents jump off the ceiling and surround them. Two agents fire rock gloves, but Toph breaks them up and sends the two agents flying through the air with rock pillars. Jet runs toward the agents and breaks two other gloves fired by agents with his swords, and trips another. A full battle ensues. Aang deals with a pair of Dai Li agents. Sokka and Katara destroy two Dai Li gloves, but a second pair grabs them.
Toph saves them by creating a rock wall and she raises ground up. Toph knocks away the four Dai Li agents that attack her, but a glove captures her and Jet swings by to free her. The agent fires his other rock glove, and Longshot fires an arrow, which destroys the glove. Jet jumps in front of Longshot to hold off more of their rock attacks. Long Feng escapes.
Aang: [Knocks away two agents with airbending.] Long Feng is escaping!
Jet and Aang chase him. They head into another part of the headquarters with many pipes of all sizes sticking out of the walls, with some of them pouring out water, but are sealed in by Long Feng.
Long Feng: All right, Avatar, you've caused me enough problems. This is your last chance ... if you want your bison back.
Aang: You do have Appa! Tell me where he is!
Long Feng: Agree to exit the city now, and I'll waive all charges against you and allow you to leave with your lost pet.
Jet: [Gets in a fighting position.] You're in no position to bargain.
Long Feng: Am I not?
Aang: [Gets into a fighting position.] You're definitely not!
Long Feng: Jet, the Earth King has invited you to Lake Laogai.
Jet: [Close-up of his eye, his iris dilates. In a monotonous voice.] I am honored to accept his invitation.
Jet attacks Aang. Cut to Appa growling at the disguised Zuko. Appa tries to strike Zuko, but his chained feet hold him back.
Zuko: You're mine now.
The door opens and Zuko gets into a fighting stance. Iroh enters.
Zuko: Uncle?
Iroh: So, the Blue Spirit. I wonder who could be behind that mask ...
Zuko: [Sighs and takes off the mask.] What are you doing here?
Iroh: I was just about to ask you the same thing. What do you plan to do now that you've found the Avatar's bison? Keep him locked in our new apartment? Should I go put on a pot of tea for him?
Zuko: First I have to get it out of here.
Iroh: [Starts yelling.] And then what!? You never think these things through! [Points at him.] This is exactly what happened when you captured the Avatar at the North Pole! You had him, and then you had nowhere to go!
Zuko: I would have figured something out!
Iroh: No! If his friends hadn't found you, you would have frozen to death!
Zuko: I know my own destiny, Uncle!
Iroh: Is it your own destiny, or is it a destiny someone else has tried to force on you?
Zuko: Stop it, Uncle! I have to do this!
Iroh: I'm begging you, Prince Zuko! It's time for you to look inward and begin asking yourself the big questions. Who are you, and what do you want?
Zuko screams loudly, throwing down his swords and Blue Spirit mask. Cut to the brainwashed Jet continuing to swing at Aang.
Aang: Jet, it's me, Aang! [Runs back.] You don't have to do this!
Long Feng: I'm afraid he no longer has a choice.
Jet resumes his attempts at attacking Aang, who dodges them and uses airbending to knock him back. Jet uses his hook swords to stop himself and he pants heavily.
Aang: Jet, I'm your friend! Look inside your heart!
Long Feng: Do your duty, Jet!
Aang: He can't make you do this! [Cut to a close-up of Jet's face as he hangs his head, while panting and sweating.] You're a Freedom Fighter!
At these final words, Jet straightens in shock. Everything goes white and he has a rapid flashback of his past as a Freedom Fighter, seeing Longshot, Smellerbee, Pipsqueak and the Duke, and him with Katara. The Freedom Fighters cheer fades to him with Smellerbee and Longshot, before showing him sitting down with Iroh and Zuko. Fade to him giving the passengers food, and quickly to him being dragged away by the Dai Li. Fade more rapidly to Jet's brainwashing, and to Long Feng on Lake Laogai. Cut to his burning village, to Iroh, to him with Zuko, to him with Katara, to him watching his burning village crying. Cut to him in a Fire Nation camp, to him with Katara, and to him being brainwashed. Cut back to him crying while watching his village burn as Mongke watches. The flashback ends and Jet's irises return to normal.
Long Feng: Do it! Do it now!
Jet fires a sword at Long Feng, which misses. Long Feng counters with an uplifted rock which strikes Jet down. Aang runs toward Jet as Long Feng escapes through a pipe in the wall.
Long Feng: [Escaping upward to a pipe.] Foolish boy. You've chosen your own demise. [Exits.]
Jet: [Weakly.] I'm sorry ... Aang.
Aang: [Sadly.] Don't be.
The rest of the group arrives, all struck with sorrow and shock as they gather around Jet. Katara stares open-mouthed at Jet, her hands hovering near her mouth in shock. Snapping out of it, she withdraws water from her water skin, with which she covers her hands, and it begins to glow as she kneels down next to him. Cut to a shot from over her shoulder, with Jet glancing at her while she rubs her hands over his chest in an attempt to heal him. After rubbing his chest three times, the glow fades, the water stains Jet's clothing, and Katara looks back over her shoulder toward the rest of the group.
Katara: This isn't good.
Smellerbee: You guys go and find Appa. We'll take care of Jet.
Katara: We're not going to leave you.
Longshot: There's no time. Just go. We'll take care of him. He's our leader.
They stare at Longshot in surprise.
Jet: Don't worry, Katara. I'll be fine. [Smiles a little.]
Katara closes her eyes in painful sadness and opens them again as she rises. Team Avatar begins to exit.
Toph: [Whispering to Sokka.] He's lying ...