The episode opens to a waxing gibbous moon glowing in the night sky. The scene cuts to a shot of a field of fire lilies, a mountain in the distance. Cuts to a forested area, where Team Avatar is camping out among the trees. The darkness of the night gives the landscape an ominous feeling.
Sokka: [Telling a ghost story.] Suddenly, they heard something down the hall in the dark. Oooh ... It came into the torchlight ... and they knew the blade of Wing Fung was haunted! [Draws sword, stands up and points it toward the fire; yells dramatically.] Ooh-aaah!
Cuts to shot of the entire group sitting around the campfire. Aang is lying down, Katara is hunched over in a sitting position and Toph sits casually, all three looking unamused.
Aang: [Unimpressed.] I think I like "the man with a sword for a hand" better.
Toph: Water Tribe slumber parties must stink.
Katara: No, wait! I've got one! And this is a true Southern Water Tribe story.
Sokka: [Sitting down.] Is this one of those "a friend of my cousin knew some guy that this happened to" stories?
Katara: No, it happened to Mom.
Upon hearing this, Sokka stiffens. Cuts to Aang, who sits up to listen intently.
Katara: One winter when Mom was a girl, a snowstorm buried the whole village for weeks. A month later, Mom noticed she hadn't seen her friend Nini since the storm. So Mom and some others went to check on Nini's family. When they got there, no one was home. [Cuts to ground-level shot of the group sitting around the fire, the camera panning slightly to the right.] Just a fire flickering in the fireplace. While the men went out to search, Mom stayed in the house. When she was alone, she heard a voice. [In a scary voice.] "It's so cold and I can't get warm!" [Sokka stiffens in fear.] Mom turned and saw Nini standing by the fire. She was blue like she was frozen. Mom ran outside for help, but when everyone came back, Nini was gone.
Aang uses Momo's ears to cover his face in fear. The camera shifts to show Sokka hiding behind a gnarled tree stump.
Sokka: [Peering from behind a tree trunk.] Where'd she go?
Katara: No one knows. Nini's house stands empty to this day, but sometimes, people see smoke coming up from the chimney, like little Nini is still trying to get warm.
The camera zooms out to where the gang is all huddled by the fire. Suddenly, Toph straightens up and places her hands on the ground.
Toph: [Gasping.] Wait! Guys, did you hear that? [Aang, Katara, and Sokka clutch each other tightly, too stiff to move, with Toph standing alertly.] I hear people under the mountain. And they're screaming.
Sokka, assuming Toph is joking, relaxes his grip.
Sokka: Pfft! Nice try.
Toph: [Cuts to shot of the campsite viewed through the ominous-looking tree branches.] No, I'm serious. I hear something.
Katara: You're probably just jumpy from the ghost stories ...
Toph: It just ... stopped.
Aang: [Cuts back to him and Katara, still hugging, Sokka sitting close by.] All right, now I'm getting scared.
Hama: [Off-camera from behind group.] Hello, children.
Everyone screams in terror upon hearing the strange woman's voice and scrambles from the ground. An elderly woman emerges from the shadows.
Hama: Sorry to frighten you. My name is Hama. [Cuts to side-view of the campsite.] You children shouldn't be out in the forest by yourselves at night. [Cuts to ground-level shot of Hama standing over the fire.] I have an inn nearby. Why don't you come back there for some spiced tea and warm beds?
Sokka: [Sheepishly, places arm behind head.] Yes, please.
Hama smiles and begins walking away. The scene changes to a village, her local inn lying atop a small hill. Cuts to inside the building, where tea is being poured into a teacup. Cuts to shot of the group sitting around the kitchen table.
Katara: Thanks for letting us stay here tonight. You have a lovely inn.
Hama: [Sets teapot down.] Aren't you sweet? [Walks over to her seat and sits down.] You know you should be careful. People have been disappearing in those woods you were camping in.
Sokka: What do you mean "disappearing"?
Hama: [Sets her teacup down.] When the moon turns full, people walk in and they don't come out. [Stand up and holds up her teapot; cheerfully smiling.] Who wants more tea?
Cuts to shot of the group, who has by now fallen completely silent, the camera panning to the right to show all of them sitting around the table.
Hama: Don't worry, you'll all be completely safe here. [Clasps hands together and smiles.] Why don't I show you to your rooms and you can get a good night's rest?
The scene changes to Sokka's room, where he is lying in bed with Momo asleep on the floor. Cuts to shot of him in bed as he rolls over. A creaking noise comes from outside, frightening him. He draws his sword quickly while Momo scampers under the covers.
Sokka: I know, Momo. [Places sword back inside holster and sets it down.] This place is creepy! [Lies back down on the pillow and pulls the covers over him.] I don't know if I'm gonna be able to fall asleep!
The scene switches over to later in the night, where Sokka is fast asleep in his bed, snoring and drooling on his pillow. As it fades to the morning, he is lying sideways, next to the bed, though still fast asleep. Cut to a close-up of his face as a shadow approaches him. He slowly awakens, rubbing his eye.
Hama: [Off-camera.] Wakey, wakey! [Cuts to shot of the innkeeper, standing brightly over him.] Time to go shopping!
Katara appears by her side, dressed and happily smiling. The camera shifts counter-clockwise, showing Sokka later in the day, dressed in his ordinary clothes, standing in the marketplace where Hama has just made her purchase. A friendly old man smiles and waves to her as she walks away.
Katara: That Mr. Yao seems to have a thing for you. Maybe we should go back and see if he'll give us some free komodo sausages?
Hama: [Seriously.] You would have me use my feminine charms to take advantage of that poor man? [Cheerfully.] I think you and I are going to get along swimmingly!
The two walk off-camera with Katara smiling at this remark. The scene switches over to two villagers having a conversation by a stand.
Villager: You won't have any ash bananas till next week?
Shop owner: Well, I have to send the boy to Hing Wa Island to get them, and it's a two-day trip.
Villager: Oh, right. Tomorrow's the full moon.
Shop owner: [In a lowered voice.] Exactly. I can't lose another delivery boy in the woods.
Cuts to shot of Aang, Sokka, and Toph walking through the marketplace. Aang carrying a package slung over his shoulder, Sokka carrying a package attached to his sword, while Toph carries a large, round basket on her head.
Sokka: People disappearing in the woods, weird stuff happening during full moons? This just reeks of Spirit World shenanigans.
Aang: I bet if we take a little walk around town, we'll find out what these people did to the environment to make the spirits mad.
Sokka: [Makes gesture with his hand.] And then you can sew up this little mystery lickety-split, Avatar style!
Aang: [Proudly.] Helping people ... that's what I do.
Cuts to overhead shot of the group standing in the marketplace as he, Sokka and Toph approach Katara and Hama.
Hama: Why don't you take all those things back to the inn? I just have to run a couple more errands. I'll be back in a little while.
Sokka: [Walks up to her.] This is a mysterious little town you have here.
Hama: [Extremely close-up. Ominously.] Mysterious town for mysterious children.
She smiles creepily and saunters away, leaving Sokka feeling suspicious. The scene changes to a shot of Hama's inn, starting outside, before moving inside, where the gang is unpacking groceries. Sokka walks over to a counter and sets his basket down.
Sokka: That Hama seems a little strange. Like she knows something, or she's hiding something.
Katara: [Unpacking items.] That's ridiculous. She's a nice woman who took us in and gave us a place to stay. [Picks up cabbage.] She kinda reminds me of Gran-Gran.
Sokka: But what did she mean by that comment, "mysterious children"?
Katara: Gee, I don't know. Maybe because she found four strange kids camping in the woods at night? Isn't that a little mysterious?
Sokka: I'm gonna take a look around. [Walks away and up a flight of wooden stairs.]
Katara: [Appears along with the others at the bottom of the stairwell.] Sokka! Sokka, what are you doing? [Off-camera as Sokka peers around the inn.] You can't just snoop around someone's house.
Sokka: It'll be fine.
Aang: [Off-camera while Sokka peers into a room.] She could be home any minute.
Katara: [Walking down hallway with the rest of the team.] Sokka, you're gonna get us all in trouble and this is just plain rude!
Sokka: [Tugging on a cupboard door.] I'm not finished yet. [Grunts, as he tries to pull it free.] Come on ...
The cupboard suddenly opens, revealing several wooden puppets stowed inside. The dolls fall forward, held together only by their strings. Everyone gasps; Sokka withdraws his sword, backs up and points it straight at the puppets.
Aang: Okay, that's pretty creepy.
Katara: [Walks over and closes the cupboard; a bit weirded out.] So she's got a hobby. There's nothing weird about that. [Angrily.] Sokka, you've looked enough. [Off-camera as Sokka ascends into the attic.] Hama will be back soon.
Sokka: Just an ordinary puppet-loving innkeeper, huh? Well then why does she have a locked door up here?
Katara: [Annoyed.] Probably to keep people like you from snooping through her stuff!
Sokka: We'll see. [Peers through the keyhole into the room. Cuts to shot of the attic from his perspective. Through the keyhole, a small room can be seen, with a chest lying on the ground in the middle. The camera zooms in on the chest.] It's empty, except for a little chest.
Toph: Maybe it's treasure!
Sokka grows excited, his eyes growing wide, and uses his sword to pick the lock.
Katara: [Approaches him.] Sokka, what are you doing? You're breaking into a private room!
Sokka: I have to see what's in there.
The door unlocks and creaks open. The four step cautiously inside; Sokka puts away his sword and approaches the small chest.
Aang: We shouldn't be doing this.
Sokka picks up the chest and tries to pry it open, only to discover it is locked.
Sokka: Maybe there's a key here somewhere ...
Toph: Ooh! Hand it over!
She takes the chest, removes her meteor bracelet from her arm and earthbends it into the shape of a small key, which she sticks into the keyhole of the chest.
Sokka: [Eagerly.] Come on, come on!
Toph: [Annoyed; Katara appears from behind her, peering nervously over her shoulder.] This isn't as easy as it looks!
Aang: [Nervously.] Guys, I don't know about this ...
Katara: This is crazy! I'm leaving!
Sokka: Suit yourself! Do it, Toph!
Katara turns to leave the moment Toph signals that she has successfully opened the chest, holding her thumb up. All four eagerly surround the box in a comical fashion, anticipating what they will find inside.
Hama: [Off-camera from behind them.] I'll tell you what's in the box.
All, except Toph, scream and turn sharply to find Hama standing in the doorway. Cuts to shot of the group, still looking stunned, except Toph. Sokka guiltily hands her the box. Cuts to shot from inside the chest, as Hama lifts the lid and reaches her hand inside. Cuts to close-up of Sokka, his eyes wide in anxiousness, and a shot of Hama still in the process of lifting the object. Cuts to shot of the team standing together from her perspective. Her left arm appears on-screen, a blue whale tooth comb in her hand. Cuts to shot of her holding the comb, smiling.
Sokka: [Surprised.] An old comb?
Hama: It's my greatest treasure. It's the last thing I own from growing up in the Southern Water Tribe.
The camera zooms in on Katara and Sokka, who stare at her in astonishment.
Katara: [Stunned.] You're from the Southern Water Tribe?
Hama: [Sets down comb.] Just like you.
Katara: How did you know?
Hama: I heard you talking around your campfire.
Sokka: But why didn't you tell us?
Hama: I wanted to surprise you! I bought all this food today so I could fix you a big Water Tribe dinner. Of course, I can't get all the ingredients I need here, but ocean kumquats are a lot like sea prunes if you stew them long enough.
Aang: [Sticking his tongue out in disgust.] Great ...
Katara: I knew I felt a bond with you right away.
Sokka: And I knew you were keeping a secret, so I guess we're both right. [Grimaces as Katara hits him in the arm.] But I'm sorry we were sneaking around.
Hama: Apology accepted. [Turns to the side and motions with her hand.] Now, let's get cooking!
The scene changes to later that night, where Aang races from the inn to the barn located toward the back of the property. Cuts to overhead shot of inside the barn, where Appa and Momo lie. The doors creak open and Aang steps inside. Cuts to ground-level shot of him standing before the bison, tossing a cabbage-like vegetable into Appa's mouth. Momo dances in front of the bison's face and chitters, irritated. Appa opens his mouth and releases the cabbage, which Momo grabs. The lemur skitters away. Cuts to shot of Hama's kitchen table, as she sets down a bowl of soup. Cuts to shot of the entire room, the team and the innkeeper sitting around the table. Sokka is seen chewing on a food item, as Hama takes her seat at the head of the table.
Aang: [Whispering to Toph.] I'd steer clear of the sea prunes.
Toph: I thought they were ocean kumquats.
Aang: Close enough.
Hama: Who wants five flavor soup?
All four raise their hands in acceptance. Hama situates her hands over the bowl and suddenly uses waterbending to summon a globule of soup and fill each of their bowls. Cuts to shot of the team looking at the spectacle in astonishment, the camera panning to the right. Four streams of soup land gracefully into each of their bowls.
Katara: [Delighted.] You're a waterbender! [Faces Hama in delight.] I've never met another waterbender from our tribe!
Hama: [Cuts to side-view of her; sadly.] That's because the Fire Nation wiped them all out. I was the last one ...
Cuts to shot of Sokka and Katara, Katara clasping her hands together, an expression of pity on her face.
Sokka: So how did you end up out here?
Hama: [Grimly.] I was stolen from my home.
The scene fades to a flashback of a much younger Hama peacefully sauntering through her Southern Water Tribe village.
Hama: [Voice-over.] It was over sixty years ago when the raids started.
She approaches her friend, Kanna, and they share a laugh before they notice ashen snow falling from the sky. The two race to the shores, where five Fire Nation ships are rapidly approaching the tribe. Five fireballs are launched from trebuchets and strike the village. Fire Nation soldiers swarm the area, battling the waterbenders, who desperately attempt to fend them off.
Hama: [Voice-over.] They came again and again, each time rounding up more of our waterbenders and taking them captive.
The battle scene fades to another scene, where Hama and several other waterbenders use waterbending to capsize a Fire Nation vessel.
Hama: [Voice-over.] We did our best to hold them off, but our numbers dwindled as the raids continued.
As she is narrating, Water Tribe civilians who aided in the suspension of the vessel are seen slowly fading, signaling their capture by the Fire Nation. The camera rotates around her and zooms out, revealing dozens of firebenders surrounding her.
Hama: [Voice-over.] Finally, I too was captured.
The younger Hama is seen being led by Fire Nation soldiers onto one of their naval vessels, having now been captured herself.
Hama: [Voice-over.] I was led away in chains. The last waterbender of the Southern Water Tribe.
A final scene shows her looking out onto her tribe's members, including her friend, Kanna, in tears as the bow creaks upward. The flashback ends. Now in present time, Katara is seen walking over to Hama and placing her arms around her shoulder comfortingly.
Hama: They put us in terrible prisons here in the Fire Nation. I was the only one who managed to escape.
Sokka: How did you get away? And why did you stay in the Fire Nation?
Hama: I'm sorry. It's too painful to talk about anymore.
Katara: We completely understand. We lost our mother in a raid.
Hama: [Sympathetically.] Oh, you poor things.
Aang and Sokka cast their heads down solemnly.
Katara: I can't tell you what it means to meet you. It's an honor. You're a hero.
Hama: I never thought I'd meet another Southern waterbender. I'd like to teach you what I know so you can carry on the Southern tradition when I'm gone.
Katara: Yes! Yes, of course! To learn about my heritage, it would mean everything to me.
She bows to her newfound friend, who smiles warmly. The scene changes to the next day, where Hama and Katara are strolling on the outskirts of Hama's village.
Hama: Growing up in the South Pole, waterbenders are totally at home surrounded by snow and ice and seas. But as you probably noticed on your travels, that isn't the case wherever you go.
Katara: I know! When we were stranded in the desert, I felt like there was almost nothing I could do.
Hama: [Stops walking.] That's why you have to learn to control water wherever it exists.
Katara: I've even used my own sweat for waterbending.
Hama: [Smiling.] That's very resourceful, Katara. You're thinking like a true master. But did you know you could even pull water out of thin air?
In a quick movement of her right arm, Hama uses waterbending to manipulate the water vapor in the air, liquefying it and coating her fingertips.
Hama: You have got to keep an open mind, Katara. [The water around her fingertips freezes, creating ice claws.] There's water in places you never think about.