The camera switches to the city, where Aang goes from bowing to doing tricks with the money in his hands and runs off. A few citizens are seen playing a dice like game. The two winners see Toph holding a bag of money and call her over. She tosses the two die. One lands on three, which is the highest number, and the other is about to go from three to zero. Cut to Toph, who twitches her head to the left slightly without any of the others seeing, causing the die to move back to the three, meaning she wins much to the winners' dismay and Sokka's and Aang's joy.
Cut to an area where a carnival is being hosted, where a big man tries a test-your-strength game, in which you need to use a hammer to launch a ball up to ring the bell, but can only make it about halfway. Toph jiggles a bag of money and walks over. Aang and Sokka watch from behind as she hands the man in charge of the game the money and places her hands on the hammer. She struggles to move it over her head and behind her, which makes all in the crowd snicker and laugh. Toph smiles again as she uses earthbending to launch the hammer's head from behind her to the lever with great force. The ball is launched so hard that it launches out of the game, destroying the top of it, which leaves everyone shocked. She casually grabs her winnings and leaves as the ball crashes into a tent behind, causing everyone to cringe at the sound, and looks back to see the damage.
The camera next cuts to a street where a carriage is being pulled by a dragon moose. Cut to a side-shot of the inside of the carriage where a noble opens his cup of tea to his delight and waves the aroma to his face. Toph emerges from a dark alley and creates a small rock right in front of one of the wheels to stop the cart. She falls back, pretending to have been hit. The noble peeks outside the carriage window and sees Toph. He jumps out of the carriage and starts to run, but is stopped by what looks like a Fire Nation guard, who is really Sokka in his Wang Fire costume. He notices Toph being "run over" and crosses his arms angrily at the noble, who gets on his knees and begs Sokka. He places twelve small bags of money as bribery, one after another in Sokka's arms, and Sokka smiles and winks at him to assure him that Sokka will keep this secret. The camera cuts to back at camp.
Katara: Guys, I think these scams have gone far enough. If you keep doing them, something bad is gonna happen.
Toph: Could you for once stop being such a sourpuss and just lighten up? [Tosses some money to Katara.]
Katara: [Angrily.] Oh, I'm sorry! You think I should be more like you? Like some wild child? [Tosses the money back at Toph.]
Toph: Yeah! Maybe! Maybe then you'd see [Sokka grabs the money off the ground.] how great we have it! I mean, look at us! [Leans back on the rock behind her and crosses her arms behind her head.] We're traveling around the world! Making easy money! Having fun! With no parents to tell us what to do!
Katara: Ah. I see. You're acting like this because of your parents.
Toph: Whatever.
Katara: They were controlling over you, so you ran away, and now you act like your parents don't exist. You act like you hate them, but you don't. You just feel guilty.
Toph: I do hate them.
Katara: I don't think so. I think you miss them, but you just don't wanna deal with that, so instead you act like this crazy person.
Toph: [Stands up; angrily.] Look, I ran away to help Aang!
Katara: You know what? It doesn't matter. These scams put us all at risk, and we don't need that. [Points at her forehead.] We've already got some third-eyed freak after us.
Sokka: Speaking of that "third-eyed freak", I think I've come up with a name for him. What do you think of "Sparky-Sparky-Boom Man"? [Silence.] Just think about it.
Katara: [Angrily.] We have enough money! You need to stop this!
Toph: [Angrily.] I'll stop when I wanna stop and not when you tell me! [Uses earthbending to launch the bag of money behind her into her hand and walks away angrily. Katara shakes her head angrily as Toph sits and creates an earth tent.]
Sokka: [Grabs his bag of money and his sword and stands up.] Speaking of money, I'm off to spend some. See you guys later. [Walks away.]
In town, Sokka just bought a messenger hawk, which he names Hawky.
Sokka: Hawky, welcome to Team Avatar. My name's Sokka, and I'm your new owner, and as such I should warn you that there's already a lemur in our group, so I don't wanna see any fighting. [Scratches Hawky on the stomach.] Good little messenger hawky. Who's got pretty feathers? [While walking away, he notices a wanted poster he had just past with Toph's picture on it. He gasps in horror and rips it off the wall. Hawky screeches.] You're right, Hawky. This is bad. [Suddenly, the bird poops while standing on Sokka's arm.]
The scene changes to back at camp. Katara and Aang are practicing waterbending, while Toph is counting her money. Sokka walks up to her.
Sokka: Toph, while I was in town, I found something that you're not gonna like. [Pulls out the wanted poster and shows it to her.]
Toph: Well it sounds like a sheet of paper, but I guess you're referring to what's on the sheet of paper.
Sokka: It's a wanted poster. Of you. They've nicknamed you the Runaway.
Toph: [Happily.] A wanted poster! That's so great! "The Runaway." I love my new nickname. Is there a picture of me? Does it look good?
Sokka: [Looks a few times at both the wanted poster and Toph.] Well yeah, actually, it does look pretty good. [Gets back on topic.] But, Toph, you're missing the point. Maybe Katara was right. These scams are drawing too much attention to us.
Toph: Don't be such a worrywart like your sister. [Stands up and walks up to Sokka.] Think of it this way: Now you've got plenty of money to help with the invasion plan. [Holds up a bag of money and jiggles it in front of him.]
Sokka: [Ponders for a moment.] Well, that is true. I had this idea of making armor for Appa. [Looks at Appa, who is napping, but opens one eye upon hearing this.]
Toph: [Takes some money out of the bag and hands the money to him.] Here's a little extra, so you can get yourself a nice map of the Fire Nation. You know what? [Gives the entire bag to him.] Make it an atlas.
Sokka: [While taking the bag.] I do like expensive atlases.
Toph: Of course you do. [Grabs the wanted poster and tucks it into her outfit.] And that's why this wanted poster is going to stay our little secret. [Walks away.]
Aang and Katara walk up to Sokka, who tucks his new money into his outfit: Katara: Sokka, [Places her hand on her face; annoyed.] tell me you didn't buy a bird.
Sokka: Not just a bird, a messenger bird. Now we can send messages all over the world. Even to Gran Gran.
Aang: [Excited.] Wow, how does it work?
Sokka: Hm. Uh, I never actually thought about that. Hawky, [Points away from himself.] Gran Gran, South Pole. [Hawky shakes himself.] I think he gets it.
Momo appears on Aang's shoulder and screeches at Hawky. He jumps to Sokka and starts chasing Hawky around Sokka's head.
Sokka: Hawky! Make nice! Bad Hawky!
Later on at camp, Katara is mixing something in a cooking pot via waterbending. She waterbends some of it out of the pot and into Appa's mouth, which causes him to lick his lips, while Aang sits on a ledge in front of Appa and drinks something out of a cup. Toph and Sokka, the latter with Hawky on his shoulder, show up carrying big bags of money.
Katara: [Sarcastically.] Well. Look who decided to join us. [Stands up.] Where have you two been? Off scamming again?
Toph: Yes, we were. [Puts her bag down.]
Katara: [Slides to the right to behind Toph.] And I suppose you don't think what you're doing is dangerous at all?
Toph: No, I don't.
Katara: Really?
Toph: Yes. Really.
Katara: [Starts to pull something out.] Well then. What's this? [Shows Toph her wanted poster.]
Toph: [Annoyed.] I don't know! I mean, seriously! What is with you people? I'm blind! [Points at her eyes and pulls down her bottom eyelids to emphasize her words.]
Katara: It's a wanted poster of you! "The Runaway!" Is that what you're called now? Are you proud of this?
Toph: [Angrily.] Where did you get that!?
Katara: It doesn't matter where I got it. The fact is-
Toph: You went through my stuff! You had no right!
Katara: Your stuff was messy and I was just straightening up, and I happened to stumble across it!
Toph: That's a lie! [Points at her.] You're lying, Katara!
Katara: [Cut to a surprised Katara who glares at Toph. Pushes Toph's pointing hand out of her face.] Fine! It's a lie! But you've been so out of control lately, I knew something was up! I knew you were hiding something and you were! [Shows her the poster again, but Toph grabs it, tosses it and starts to walk past Katara.] Don't you walk away from me while I'm talking to you!
Toph: [Sarcastically.] Oh really, Mom? Or what are you gonna do? Send me to my room?
Katara: I wish I could!
Toph: Well you can't! Because you're not my mom, and you're not their mom! [Extends her arm at Aang and Sokka, who are sitting on a ledge.]
Katara: I never said I was!
Toph: No, but you certainly act like it! You think it's your job to boss everyone around, but it's not! You're just a regular kid like the rest of us! So stop acting like you can tell me what to do! I can do whatever I want!
Katara: I don't act that way! [Looks at Sokka, who jumps as she says his name.] Sokka, do I act motherly?
Sokka: [Puts his hands up defensively.] Hey. I'm staying out of this one.
Katara: [Looks at Aang.] What do you think, Aang? Do I act like a mom?
Aang: [Rubs his eye.] Well. I, uh-
Katara: [Slightly annoyed.] Stop rubbing your eye and speak clearly when you talk!
Aang: [He and Sokka sit straight.] Yes, ma'am.
Toph: I can't be around you right now!
Katara: Well, I can't be around you!
Both girls turn and walk away. Hawky, sitting on Sokka's shoulder, screeches.
Sokka: [Rests his head in his hands.] I know, Hawky. Why can't they just get along?
Later on at camp, Sokka and Aang are sitting together. Toph and Katara are sitting at separate edges of the cliff, their backs to one another.
Sokka: Hey, Aang. You wanna test out my messenger hawk with me? I've got an idea.
Aang: Sure. [Leans his head closer to Sokka.]
Sokka: [Talks into Aang's ear.] I'm going to send a note to Katara and say it's from Toph, who wants to apologize. Then everyone will be friends again.
Aang: I gotta say, Sokka, you continue to impress me with your ideas.
Sokka: It's a gift. [Pulls out a pen and ink and a piece of paper and starts to write.] "Dear Katara, sorry for everything. Your friend, Toph."
Sokka positions Hawky on his arm and places the note in Hawky's message holder. Hawky flies to Katara, who takes the note out, reads it, and angrily stands up.
Katara: I know this is from you, Sokka! Toph can't write! [Tears the note up into pieces.] Ugh! You're all driving me crazy! [Turns and walks away.]
Aang: I can't believe we forgot Toph can't write.
Sokka: Yup. We're idiots. [Hawky flies back onto his arm.]
Aang: I guess Plan B is we send a note to Toph pretending it's from Katara.
Sokka: I think we're gonna run into a similar problem. [Hawky screeches.] Sorry, Hawky. Looks like I'm gonna have to do this without your help. [Walks to Toph.] Come on. We need to talk.
Toph exhales, annoyed. The camera cuts to another area of the camp. Katara is bathing in a lake directly below a cliff. Sokka and Toph walk up to the edge of the cliff and sit down, not noticing Katara.
Toph: So lemme guess: You brought me out here to tell me that your sister's not as annoying as I make her out to be.
Sokka: Nah, she's pretty much a pain. [Katara, looking up at their feet from below and behind, glares and looks away.] She's always got to be right about everything and she gets all bossy and involved and in your business ...
Toph: Yeah. I don't know how you could deal with it.
Sokka: Actually, in a way, I rely on it. [Katara looks back up at them.]
Toph: I don't understand.
Sokka: When our mom died, that was the hardest time in my life. Our family was a mess, but Katara? She had so much strength. She stepped up and took on so much responsibility. She helped fill the void that was left by our mom.
Toph: I guess I never thought about that.
Sokka: I'm gonna tell you something crazy. I never told anyone this before, but honestly? I'm not sure I can remember what my mother looked like. It really seems like my whole life, Katara's been the one looking out for me. She's always been the one that's there. And now, when I try to remember my mom, Katara's is the only face I can picture. [Katara, touched by what Sokka says, is reduced to tears.]
Toph: The truth is sometimes Katara does act motherly, but that's not always a bad thing. She's compassionate and kind, and she actually cares about me. [Wipes away tears from her left eye.] You know, the real me. That's more than my own mom. [Katara, deeply touched by Toph's words, sinks slightly into the water. Toph punches Sokka in the arm.] Don't ever tell her I said any of this!
Sokka: Hey, my lips are sealed.
At around nightfall, Katara is sitting next to Momo, who is napping with Katara rubbing the top of his head. Katara is looking down in front of her, saddened. She sees Sokka and Toph walking toward her and walks up to Toph. When they reach each other, Sokka keeps walking.
Katara: Hi, Toph. Um, I wanna-
Toph: [Holds up her hand in a "stop" fashion.] Katara, stop. You don't need to apologize. I was the one being stupid. These scams are out of control, and I'm done with them.
Katara: [Smiles.] Actually I wasn't going to apologize. I was gonna say ... I wanna pull a scam with you. [Aang and Sokka stare at her from behind, extremely shocked.]
Toph: [Also shocked.] What? You wanna pull a scam?
Katara: Not just any scam. The ultimate scam. [Sokka and Aang, still staring at her with shock, look at each other and faint, foaming from the mouth slightly. Katara puts her arm around Toph's shoulder, who gives a sly smile.] Whaddaya say, Toph? Just me and you. One last go. You in?
Toph: [Excited.] You know I'm in! Now what's this idea of yours? [They walk away and leave Aang and Sokka behind, who are now unconscious and foaming at the mouth.]
The scene changes to Katara and Toph going over the plan. Katara is looking at Toph's wanted poster.
Katara: The plan is simple: This wanted poster says you're worth a lot of money; Ten times more than you've made in all of your scams. So I'm gonna turn you in and collect the reward. Then you metalbend yourself out of jail, and we're on our way. [As she speaks, the screen fades to the beginning of the episode, where Toph is seen running from the authorities and is caught in a net.]
Toph: [Angrily.] How could you do this to me? You betrayed me!
Katara: [Crosses her arms.] You brought this on yourself. I had no choice. [Turns away from Toph.]
Toph is dragged away in the net, all the while glaring back at Katara. Katara glances back slightly and gives a sly smile. She is joined by the chief of authorities.
Town authority: You did the right thing by turning in the Runaway.
Katara: The right thing is its own reward.
Town authority: Well, I'm happy to hear you say that.
Katara: [Pauses for a moment.] But, I still want the actual reward.
Town authority: Of course. Right this way.
Meanwhile, a female guard drags Toph into a jail. She throws Toph from the net into a wooden cell and closes it. Toph feels the floor of her cell, but is shocked when she can't sense any earth in it. She gets up and looks outside the cell at the guard.
Toph: Hey! What kind of cell is this?
Female guard: A wooden one. [She walks away as Toph becomes visibly worried.]
In an office, the town authority grabs a box underneath a desk and looks around in it. A door opens behind Katara, who is standing across the desk from the chief. The chief closes the box and points at Katara.
Town authority: That's her! That's the girl you were looking for!
Katara turns and sees the assassin with the third eye tattooed on his head, aka "Sparky-Sparky-Boom Man", walk in, leaving her shocked and horrified. Meanwhile, at camp, Sokka and Aang are worried, the latter pacing back and forth.
Aang: Do you think this scam of theirs should be taking this long?
Sokka: I was just wondering the same thing. We'd better check it out. [To Hawky and Momo.] You two behave. [Pointing at Appa.] Appa's in charge. [Appa lifts his head as the two animals start screeching at each other as soon as Sokka and Aang leave, but stop as soon as Appa roars at them.]
The camera cuts to Toph's cell, which now holds Katara too. They both are sitting on the floor, downcast, when Toph suddenly realizes something.
Toph: Wait! It's a trap!
Katara: [Sarcastically.] Really? No kidding! Is that why we're sitting in a wooden cage right now? Gee, how'd you figure out it was a trap?
Toph: Not for us, Katara! We're the bait! He wants Aang! [Katara's eyes widen with realization.]
Katara: I can't believe I'm so stupid! See? This is exactly why I'm against these scams! I knew this would happen!
Toph: But, this was your idea.
Katara: I know. I wanted to show that I'm not so motherly. I wanted to show you that I can have fun too.
Toph: Katara, you are fun. If nothing else, you're at least fun to argue with.
Katara: I know your relationship with your parents is complicated. And I shouldn't have said what I said.
Toph: It's okay. I was really mad when you said that because ... well because, maybe it's true. [Starts to cry.] I try not to think about it, but when I left, I probably really hurt them.
Katara embraces Toph. Meanwhile, Sokka and Aang walk around town looking for Katara and Toph. The town is seemingly abandoned.
Sokka: Where do you think they might be?
Aang: Where do you think anyone is? [The assassin is seen walking across a rooftop behind them. Aang hears him inhaling and becomes shocked when he turns and sees him.] Sokka, watch out! [He grabs Sokka as they dodge a blast from the assassin and take cover behind an Ozai statue.] It's Sparky-Sparky-Boom Man!
Sokka: You know, I'm starting to think that name doesn't quite fit.
The assassin jumps down from the roof and fires another blast at them. They barely dodge it, but get sent flying back by the blast, which shakes the ceiling of Toph and Katara's cell. Toph is trying to break out, while Katara is sitting down.
Katara: What are we gonna do?
Toph: I don't know. I wish we had some earth or water. We need bendables.
Katara: What about your meteor bracelet? You can make a saw.
Toph: I left it back at camp. [Sits down.] I was worried they would take it.
Katara exhales deeply and wipes her forehead with the back of her hand. Her eyes widen with realization as she notices her hand is covered in sweat. She smiles and quickly stands up to start running in place.
Toph: [Confused.] Um, Katara? Are you okay?
Katara: Just fine.
Toph: [Still confused.] Well, what are you doing?
Katara: I'm making my own water.
Katara stops running and wipes her forehead again. This time, she uses waterbending to use the midair sweat as blades to cut through the wooden cage. Toph stands up upon noticing this.
Toph: [Amazed.] Katara! You're a genius! A sweaty, stinky genius!
Katara waterbends another blade of sweat, this time from under her arms. Cut to Aang and Sokka being chased by the assassin. The assassin fires a blast at them which they dodge but still get sent flying. Sokka crashes onto a wheelbarrow, which they hide behind.
Sokka: This guy is too good! He shoots fire from his brain!
Aang: We should split up. He can't chase us both.
The assassin walks out of the smoke. Aang runs off from his left and Sokka from his right. The assassin fires a blast at the wheelbarrow and blows it up. Aang runs past him on a roof to his left. The assassin quickly turns and fires another blast, which sends Aang flying into the Ozai statue. He falls from the statue to the ground. He looks up and sees the assassin standing above him inhale, about to fire another blast at Aang, but his head is suddenly encased in ice. The assassin moves and Aang sees Katara, Sokka, and Toph standing behind the assassin.
Katara: Aang, get up! [She helps him up and they run away.]
Toph: Let's get out of here!
The assassin breaks the ice with brute force. He launches another blast at Team Avatar, but Toph quickly launches a boulder at the blast, blowing the boulder up. A pebble from the boulder flies toward the assassin and hits him square in his third eye, which momentarily stuns and angers him. He tries to fire another blast, but with his chi is blocked, he ignites the air around him and gets sent back, head-first into a wall. When he stands up and shakes it off, Team Avatar is gone.
Sokka: [Still running.] Hey, I got it! The perfect name for that guy: "Combustion Man!"
Toph: Good job, Sokka. Now let's get outta here before Combustion Man catches us.
Sokka: See? It fits so well!
Later that night, the gang flies to another camp spot on Appa.
Sokka: [Yawns.] Well, I'm exhausted. Hawky, how about you, buddy? [Hawky makes a bird call.] Yeah. You're such a lazy little bird.
Aang and Sokka get off Appa. Katara is about to dismount Appa, but is stopped by Toph.
Toph: Katara? I need your help.
Katara: [Sits back down.] What is it, Toph?
Toph: [Pulls out a sheet of paper.] I need you to write some things down for me. I wanna send a letter to my parents.
Katara: [Smiling.] I'll be happy to help.
They place a letter inside Hawky's holder and send him off as he flies away.
Sokka: Hey, where'd Hawky go?
Fade to credits.