The team is situated at the waterfall pond. Sokka is surveying a map. Toph is sitting with her feet in the water, moving it back and forth. Aang is swimming while Katara is located at the top of the lake near the waterfall. Aang goes underwater for a moment and bends an ice cube around himself for amusement.
Katara: [Excitedly.] Waterbending bomb! Yeah! [Jumps into the water.]
The splash sends Aang out of the water, breaks his ice prison, and soaks Sokka, Toph, and the maps which he tried to protect.
Sokka: [Sarcastically.] Sure, five thousand year-old maps from the spirit library. Just splash some water on 'em.
Katara: Sorry. [Wrings her hair dry and bends the water off the map.]
Aang: So, did you figure out what route we're going to take?
Sokka: Okay, we just got out of the desert, so we must be around here. And we need to go to Ba Sing Se, which is here. It looks like the only passage connecting the south to the north is this sliver of land called the Serpent's Pass.
Toph: You sure that's the best way to go?
Sokka: It's the only way. I mean, it's not like we have Appa to fly us there.
Katara: [Quietly.] Shush up about Appa. Can't you at least try to be sensitive?
Aang: Katara, it's okay. I know I was upset about losing Appa before, but I just want to focus on getting to Ba Sing Se and telling the Earth King about the solar eclipse.
Katara: [Surprised.] Oh ... well, okay. I'm glad you're doing better.
Sokka: Then to Ba Sing Se we go. No more distractions.
Suddenly, three refugees arrive.
Than: Hello there, fellow refugees!
Aang: So, you guys are headed to Ba Sing Se, too?
Than: Sure are. We're trying to get there before my wife Ying has her baby.
Katara: Great! We can travel through the Serpent's Pass together.
The three refugees look up in shock.
Ying: The Serpent's Pass? Only the truly desperate take that deadly route!
Toph: Deadly route. [Punches Sokka in the arm.] Great pick, Sokka!
Sokka: Well, we are desperate.
Than: You should come with us to Full Moon Bay. Ferries take refugees across the lake. It's the fastest way to Ba Sing Se.
Ying: And it's hidden, so the Fire Nation can't find it.
Katara: Hmm ... peaceful ferry ride or deadly pass?
At Full Moon Bay.
Katara: I can't believe how many people's lives have been uprooted by the Fire Nation.
Than: We're all looking for a better life, safe behind the walls of Ba Sing Se.
A ferry departs. Zuko and Iroh are on board.
Iroh: Who would have thought after all these years, I'd return to the scene of my greatest military disgrace ... [Turns away for a second before turning back with a floral hat on his head.] as a tourist!
Zuko: Look around. We're not tourists, we're refugees. [Sips food and spits it out.] Ugh! I'm sick of eating rotten food, sleeping in the dirt. I'm tired of living like this!
Jet: Aren't we all? My name's Jet and these are my Freedom Fighters, Smellerbee and Longshot.
Smellerbee: Hey. [Longshot nods.]
Zuko: Hello.
Jet: Here's the deal. I hear the captain's eating like a king while the refugees have to feed off his scraps. Doesn't seem fair, does it?
Iroh: What sort of king is he eating like?
Jet: The fat, happy kind. [At this, Iroh's mouth hangs open as he starts to drool.] You want to help us "liberate" some food?
Zuko: [Tosses the bowl of rotten food into the water.] I'm in.
Jet smirks. 
Back at the station.
Ticket lady: I told you already ... no vegetables on the ferry! One cabbage slug could destroy the entire ecosystem of Ba Sing Se! Security!
A platypus bear destroys the cabbage cart.
Cabbage merchant: Ahhh! My cabbages! [He is carried away.]
Ticket lady: Next!
Aang: Um, four tickets for the ferry to Ba Sing Se, please.
Ticket lady: Passports?
Aang: Uh ... no one told us we had to have passports.
Sokka: Don't you know who this is? He's the Avatar!
Ticket lady: Ah, I see fifty Avatars a day and, by the way, not a very impressive costume. [The screen pans to show several impostors; notices Momo.] Besides, no animals allowed. Do I need to call security?
The platypus bear chomps down on the cabbage. Momo hides in fear.
Aang: That won't be necessary.
Ticket lady: Next!
Toph: I'll take care of this. My name is Toph Beifong, and I'll need four tickets. [Presents her passport.]
Ticket lady: Ah, the golden seal of the flying boar! It is my pleasure to help anyone of the Beifong family.
Toph: It is your pleasure. As you can see, I am blind and these three imbeciles are my valets. [Sweeps her arm behind her, presenting her friends to the hesitant clerk.]
Ticket lady: But, the animal-
Toph: -is my seeing-eye lemur.
Ticket lady: Well, normally it's only one ticket per passport, but this document is so official ... I guess it's worth four tickets. [Stamps an approval seal on the tickets.]
Toph: Thank you very much.
Sokka: All right, we scammed that lady good!
Suddenly, a security guard, actually Suki without makeup, grabs Sokka.
Suki: Tickets and passports please.
Sokka: Is there a problem?
Suki: Yeah, I got a problem with you! I've seen your type before. Probably sarcastic, think you're hilarious and let me guess, you're traveling with the Avatar.
Sokka: Do I know you?
Suki: You mean you don't remember? Maybe you'll remember this! [Kisses Sokka on the cheek.]
Sokka: Suki! [Embraces her.]
Suki: Sokka, it's good to see you!
Later, in a different location of the station. The gang and Suki talk.
Katara: You look so different without your makeup! And the new outfit.
Suki: That crabby lady makes all the security guards wear them. And look at you, sleeveless guy. Been working out?
Sokka: Ahhh, I'll grab a tree branch and do a few chin touches every now and then. Nothing major.
Aang: Are the other Kyoshi Warriors around?
Suki: Yeah. After you left Kyoshi, we wanted to find a way to help people. We ended up escorting some refugees and we've been here ever since. [Momo jumps up next to her.] Hi, Momo! Good to see you too! [Scratches his head near his ear.] So why are you guys getting tickets for the ferry? Wouldn't you just fly across on Appa?
Katara: Appa is missing. We hope to find him in Ba Sing Se.
Suki: I'm so sorry to hear that. [To Aang.] Are you doing okay?
Aang: I'm doing fine. Would everybody stop worrying about me?
Ying: Avatar Aang, you have to help us! Someone took all of our belongings; our passports, our tickets, everything's gone!
Aang: I'll talk to the lady for you.
Back at the desk.
Ticket lady: No passports, no tickets! [Stamps a "denied" stamp on Aang's forehead.]
Aang: But she's pregnant and all of her stuff was stolen! You have to make an exception!
Ticket lady: No exceptions! If I just gave away tickets willy-nilly to anyone, there would be no more order! You know what that means, no more civilization!
Aang: What if we gave them our tickets?
Ticket lady: No!
Aang: But ...
Ticket lady: Next!
Aang: Don't worry, you'll get to the city safely. I'll lead you through the Serpent's Pass.
Moments later.
Sokka: I can't believe we gave up our tickets and now we're going through the Serpent's Pass.
Toph: I can't believe you're still complaining about it.
Suki: [In her normal Kyoshi Warrior attire.] I'm coming too!
Sokka: Are you sure that's a good idea?
Suki: Sokka, I thought you'd want me to come.
Sokka: I do, it's just–
Suki: Just what?
Sokka: Nothing. I'm glad you're coming.
Outside, at the pass.
Sokka: This is the Serpent's Pass? I thought it would be a little more wind-y, you know, like a serpent. Huh, I guess they misnamed it.
Ying: Look at this writing! How awful!
Toph: What does it say?
Katara: It says, "abandon hope".
Ying: How can we abandon hope? It's all we have!
Aang: I don't know. The monks used to say that hope was just a distraction, so maybe we do need to abandon it.
Katara: What are you talking about?
Aang: Hope is not going to get us into Ba Sing Se and it's not going to help find Appa. We need to focus on what we're doing right now and that's getting across this path.
Katara: Okay, if you say so.
Within the pass.
Suki: The Fire Nation controls the western lake. Rumor has it they're working on something big on the other side of it and don't want anyone to find out what it is.
They all pass by a sailing Fire Nation ship. A part of the rock gives out, causing Than to fall. Toph stops it from falling and lifts him back up with earthbending.
Than: I'm okay! [The rock falls to the water, which the Fire Nation ship notices. It fires.]
Sokka: They've spotted us! Let's go, let's go!
Aang gets on his glider and deflects the fireball back. Another fireball hits the mountain, causing several pieces of rock over Suki to fall. Sokka pushes her out of the way. Toph bends out a part of the mountain to keep the rocks from falling on Sokka.
Sokka: Suki, are you okay? You have to be more careful! Come on!
Toph: [Pretending to be Sokka.] "Thanks for saving my life, Toph." Hey, no problem, Sokka.
Hours later, at sunset, the travelers set up their camp. Sokka approaches Suki.
Sokka: Suki, you shouldn't sleep there. Who knows how stable this ledge is, it could give away at any moment! [Moves her sleeping bag.]
Suki: Sokka, I'm fine, stop worrying!
Sokka: You're right, you're right, you're perfectly capable of taking care of yourself! Wait! Oh, never mind, I thought I saw a spider, but, you're fine.
Back on the ferry. Zuko, Jet, and Smellerbee sneak up to the food storage area. Jet breaks the door open with his twin tiger hook swords, and he and Zuko take some food.
Smellerbee: Guard's coming!
Longshot fires an arrow with a rope attached to it, allowing the three to slide down it. Longshot pulls it away before the guard notices. Back at the pass, Aang is standing at the edge of the rock, looking out at the ocean, blankly. Katara approaches him.
Katara: You know, it's okay to miss Appa. [Aang remains silent.] What's going on with you? In the desert, all you cared about was finding Appa and now it's like you don't care about him at all.
Aang: You saw what I did out there. I was so angry about losing Appa that I couldn't control myself. I hated feeling like that.
Katara: But now you're not letting yourself feel anything. I know sometimes it hurts more to hope and it hurts more to care. But you have to promise me that you won't stop caring. [ Holds out her arms.] Come on, you need a hug.
Aang: [Bows before her.] Thank you for your concern, Katara. [Exits.]
Katara shows visible concern.
In another part of the Pass, Sokka stands by himself, until Suki approaches.
Suki: It's a beautiful moon.
Sokka: Yeah, it really is.
Suki: Look, I know you're just trying to help, but I can take care of myself.
Sokka: I know you can.
Suki: Then why are you acting so overprotective?
Sokka: It's so hard to lose someone you care about. Something happened at the North Pole and I couldn't protect someone. I don't want anything like that to ever happen again.
Suki: I lost someone I care about. He didn't die, he just went away. I only had a few days to get to know him, but he was smart and brave and funny ...
Sokka: [Jealous.] Who is this guy? Is he taller than me?
Suki: No, he's about your height.
Sokka: Is he better-looking?
Suki: It is you, stupid!
Sokka: Oh!
The two prepare to kiss, but Sokka pulls back at the last moment.
Sokka: I can't.
Suki: I'm sorry.
Sokka: No, you shouldn't be. [Exits.]
Back on the ferry. Jet passes out food to other travelers. The other Freedom Fighters, Zuko, and Iroh sit together.
Iroh: So, Smellerbee. That's an unusual name for a young man.
Smellerbee: Maybe it's because I'm not a man ... I'm a girl! [Walks away.]
Iroh: [Calling out to her.] Oh, now I see. It's a beautiful name for a lovely girl!
Longshot approaches Smellerbee and gestures at her.
Smellerbee: I know, you're right. As long as I'm confident with who I am, it doesn't matter what other people think. Thanks, Longshot.
Longshot nods at her. Jet approaches Zuko and Iroh.
Jet: From what I heard, people eat like this every night in Ba Sing Se. I can't wait to set my eyes on that giant wall.
Iroh: It is a magnificent sight.
Jet: So you've been there before?
Iroh: Once. When I was a ... different man.
Jet: I've done some things in my past that I'm not proud of, but that's why I'm going to Ba Sing Se: for a new beginning. A second chance.
Iroh: That's very noble of you. I believe people can change their lives if they want to. I believe in second chances.
Back at the Serpent's Pass. The travelers notice that a section of the pass is below the sea level, and not able to be navigated.
Katara: Everyone single file! [She divides the water, allowing everyone to walk through the drowned out path.] Aang, I need help! [Aang helps by creating an air bubble.]
Momo's curiosity is aroused by the fish. He dives in the water, only to return back when he sees a large shadow. The rest of them notice.
Katara: What is that thing?
The shadow breaks through the water, breaking the divide. Toph quickly uses her earthbending to raise the ground they are standing on above the water. The shadow is actually a large serpent, which appears from the water with a shriek.
Sokka: I think I just figured out why they call it the Serpent's Pass! Suki, you know about giant sea monsters, make it go away!
Suki: Just because I live near the unagi doesn't mean I'm an expert!
Sokka: [Holds up Momo.] Oh great and powerful sea serpent, please accept this humble and tasty offering. Thank you.
Katara: Sokka!
Aang: [Blasts the Serpent back with a burst of air.] I'll distract it. Katara, get everyone across! [Takes off on his glider.]
Katara freezes the water to create an ice trail. Everyone except for Toph crosses. Katara tries to ice up the serpent, but it fails.
Sokka: Toph, come on, it's just ice!
Toph: [Feels the ice but her sense of sight is restricted.] Actually, I'm going to stay on my little island, where I can see! [The serpent takes out half the island.] Okay, I'm coming! [Slowly crosses the ice.]
Sokka: You're doing great! Just follow the sound of my voice!
Toph: It's hard to ignore.
Sokka: You're almost there!
The serpent slams down the ice trail, dropping Toph into a struggle to stay above water.
Toph: Help! I can't swim!
Sokka: I'm coming, Toph!
Before he can do anything, Suki jumps in for the save.
Toph: Help!
Toph falls below the water, but Suki pulls her up before she drowns.
Toph: [Thinking it is Sokka.] Oh Sokka, you saved me! [Kisses Suki on the cheek.]
Suki: Actually, it's me.
Toph: Oh ... well ... [Chuckles. Embarrassed.] you can go ahead and let me drown now.
Meanwhile, the serpent is caught in a whirlpool created by Aang and Katara. The force of it slams the serpent into the mountain, causing it to fall back below water. Upon seeing the two return, the rest of the travelers cheer. Moments later, near Ba Sing Se's wall.
Sokka: There's the wall! Now it's nothing but smooth sailing to Ba Sing Se.
Ying: [Groans in pain.] Oh no!
Sokka: What's wrong?
Ying: The baby's coming!
Sokka: [Panicked.] What? Now? Can't you hold it in or something?
Katara: Sokka, calm down. I helped Gran-Gran deliver lots of babies back home.
Sokka: This isn't the same as delivering an arctic seal! This is a real ... human ... thing!
Katara: It's called a baby and I helped her deliver plenty of those, too. Aang, get some rags. Sokka, water. Toph, I need you to make an earth tent, a big one. [Toph earthbends the rock to form a tent.] Suki, come with me.
Back on the ferry. Jet approaches Zuko.
Jet: You know, as soon as I saw your scar, I knew exactly who you were. You're an outcast, like me. And us outcasts have to stick together. We have to watch each other's backs. Because no one else will.
Zuko: I've realized lately that being on your own isn't always the best path.
The ferry closes in on the walls. 
Back at the pass. Ying is breathing heavily as the baby delivery continues.
Katara: You're doing great, Ying. Sokka, where's that water? Now get ready to push. One ... two ... [Sokka enters.] ... three, push!
Ying groans; Sokka passes out. Moments later, the baby arrives and begins to cry. Aang, Toph, and Sokka are all outside the tent.
Katara: [From inside the tent.] It's a girl!
Toph: So, you want to go see the baby, or are you going to faint like an old lady again?
Sokka: No, no, I'm good this time. [Toph and Sokka enter the tent.]
Katara: Aang, you have to come see this.
Aang enters to see the new life.
Toph: She sounds healthy.
Katara: She's beautiful.
Sokka: It's so ... squishy looking.
Aang begins to smile.
Than: What should we name her?
Ying: I want our daughter's name to be unique. I want it to mean something.
Aang: [Sheds some tears.] I've been going through a really hard time lately. But you've made me ... hopeful again.
Ying: I know what I want to name our baby now. Hope.
Than: That's a perfect name. Hope.
Outside the tent. Aang meets with Katara. Suki, Sokka, and Toph stand next to the tent.
Aang: I thought I was trying to be strong. But really I was just running away from my feelings. Seeing this family together, so full of happiness and love, it's reminded me how I feel about Appa ... and how I feel about you.
Katara sheds some tears. Aang and Katara embrace, Katara's eyes still watering. The other three approach.
Aang: I promise, I'll find Appa as fast as I can. I just really need to do this.
Sokka: See you in the big city.
Toph: Say hi to that big fuzzball for me. [Punches Aang in the arm.]
Katara: You'll find him, Aang.
Aang: I know. Thank you, Katara. You ready, Momo? [Aang and Momo fly off. The rest wave goodbye.]
Suki approaches Sokka.
Suki: Sokka, it's been really great to see you again.
Sokka: Whoa, hold on. Why does it sound like you're saying goodbye?
Suki: I came along because I wanted to make sure you got through the Serpent's Pass safely. But now I need to get back to the other Kyoshi Warriors.
Sokka: So you came along to protect me?
Suki: Listen, I'm really sorry about last night. We were talking ... and saying things ... and I just got carried away and before I knew it -
Sokka: [Kisses Suki.] You talk too much.
The two share a deep kiss. Aang and Momo fly to the top of the Outer Wall of Ba Sing Se. However, Aang quickly notices a large drill with a Fire Nation insignia, heading for the wall.
Aang: Sorry Momo, Appa's going to have to wait.
Fade to credits.