The episode opens in a forest. Momo is chasing a bug through the trees. In his pursuit he lands on the ground to see a neatly stacked pile of lychee nuts. When he runs toward it, Momo is pulled into the air by a cage trap, joining two other caged animals. Camera changes focus to find the rest of Team Avatar camping.
Aang: Where's Momo? [Camera zooms in to close-up shot of Aang, Katara, and Sokka, the siblings sitting next to each other with bored faces, and Aang standing with his back to the camera. Momo screeches and the gang looks around.]
Camera fades to find Aang as he spots the three animals in their cage traps hanging by rope on tree limbs.
Aang: Hang on, Momo! [Aang uses his airbending to fly to the top of the tree, jumping from trunk-to-trunk to get higher. He finds the traps' mechanisms, undoes them, and carefully lowers Momo to the ground where Katara and Sokka are waiting. They open the trap together and the lemur runs out with one of the lychee nuts in his mouth. Katara and Sokka look on as Momo gets on his hind legs and eats it as though nothing has happened. Sokka grunts in frustration and facepalms. When Aang lands, he looks up to see the other two animals seemingly crying out to him for help.] All right, you too. [Jumps up to them.]
Sokka: This is gonna take forever. [Throws his boomerang to simply cut the animals free.]
Aang: [Inching his way upside-down to the traps on the tree branch. They fall before he can reach them.] That works.
The hog monkeys run up the tree and out of the camera's view and Aang jumps back down, dirt flying from the ground as he lands. Everyone gathers around two of the traps and Sokka kneels down to examine them.
Sokka: These are Fire Nation traps, [Camera zooms to upward shot of the gang looking at the trap.] you can tell from the metalwork. We better pack up camp, and get moving.
They gather their things and begin to pack them onto Appa's saddle.
Sokka: Uh uh. No flying this time.
Aang: [Confused.] What? Why wouldn't we fly?
Sokka: [Takes the sleeping bag from Aang's hands.] Think about it: Somehow Prince Zuko and the Fire Nation keep finding us. It's because they spot Appa, he's just too noticeable.
Katara: What? Appa's not too noticeable!
Sokka: [Points dramatically at Appa; condescendingly.] He's a gigantic fluffy monster with an arrow on his head! It's kinda hard to miss him! [The bison yawns and the camera flashes to Aang sitting comfortably on the animal's head.]
Aang: [To Appa.] Sokka's just jealous 'cause he doesn't have an arrow.
Sokka: [Camera closes in on Sokka and Katara next to each other.] I know you all wanna fly, but my instincts tell me we should play it safe this time and walk.
Katara: [Leans forward at her brother and smiles.] Who made you the boss?
Sokka: [Points his finger at his chest; to Katara.] I'm not the boss, I'm the leader.
Katara: [Amused.] You're the leader? But your voice still cracks!
Sokka: [Voice cracks.] I'm the oldest, and I'm a warrior, so [Deepens voice.] I'm the leader!
Katara: [Close-up shot of Katara's face.] If anyone's the leader, it's Aang. I mean he is the Avatar. [Pan back to Sokka.]
Sokka: Are you kidding, he's just a goofy kid!
Aang: [While hanging upside-down from Appa's right horn with feet sticking out in the air.] He's right.
Katara: Why do boys always think someone has to be the leader? I bet you wouldn't be so bossy if you kissed a girl.
Sokka: [Close-up on Sokka; defensively.] I've kissed a girl, you just haven't met her.
Katara: [Back to Sokka.] Who? Gran-Gran? I've met Gran-Gran.
Sokka: [Throws arms into the air.] No! Besides Gran-Gran. Look, my instincts tell me we have a better chance of slipping through on foot, and a leader has to trust his instincts.
Katara: [Sarcastically.] Okay, we'll try it your way, oh wise leader.
Aang: [Aang steps over, now wearing a backpack. Momo is sitting on the top.] Who knows? Walking might be fun. [Cut to the forest at a later time. Between trees the group trudges along, with Sokka in front, followed by Aang and Momo, Katara, and Appa.] Walking stinks! How do people go anywhere without a flying bison?
Katara: [Sarcastically.] Well I don't know, Aang. Why don't you ask Sokka's instincts? They seem to know everything.
Sokka: [Sarcastically.] Ha, ha, very funny.
Aang: [Complaining.] I'm tired of carrying this pack.
Katara: You know who you should ask to carry it for a while? Sokka's instincts. [Sokka's eyes turn to her in irritation.]
Aang: That's a great idea. Hey, Sokka's instincts, would you mind-
Sokka: Okay, okay, I get it. Look guys, I'm tired too. But the important thing is that we're safe from the [Walks through a bush and sees something in front of him.] Fire ... Nation.
Sokka sees a Fire Nation campsite with a lot of soldiers; most of them are seated or crouched near the fire with bowls in hand and a couple of them sit close to the tents, which have the Fire Nation emblem on the doorflap. One of these soldiers has a patch over his left eye. They all notice the group and get up.
Sokka: Run! [They turn to run but a firebender blocks them off by setting the plants behind them on fire.] We're cut off!
Aang: Sokka, your shirt! [Sokka yells; Katara clears a fire on Sokka's shirt with waterbending.]
Sokka: If you let us pass, we promise not to hurt you.
Katara: [Whispers.] What are you doing?
Sokka: [Whispers.] Bluffing?
Eye-patch soldier: You promise not to hurt us? [He's somehow knocked out.]
Aang: Nice work, Sokka! How'd you do that?
Sokka: Uh, instinct?
Katara: [Points up a tree.] Look!
In a tree, a man with hook swords, Jet, jumps and takes down two soldiers. He runs forward and takes down two more using his hook swords.
Jet: Down you go. [Katara looks amazed, Aang shocked, and Sokka confused.]
Another soldier charges at Jet, but he is defeated.
Fire Nation soldier: They're in the trees!
A young boy lands on top of the soldier and turns his helmet around to blind him, before riding him around while laughing. Another boy launches arrows at the soldiers while more boys come out of the trees. Aang and Katara are shown fighting the soldiers. Sokka holds up his boomerang and yells as one approaches him, but stops when Jet takes him down first.
Sokka: Hey, he was mine!
Jet: Gotta be quicker next time.
Sokka looks dismayed and the camera cuts to show a huge boy fall out of the trees and easily take down two soldiers as Jet skillfully takes down one more, causing this soldier's weapon to hit another soldier, who was going to battle Sokka, in the head, making that soldier also fall down.
Sokka: [Angrily.] Man!
Jet disarms another soldier and runs up to Katara.
Jet: Hey.
Katara: Hi.
They look around to see a now empty camp: Aang: [Amazed.] You just took out a whole army almost single-handed.
Sokka: [Disdainfully.] Army? There were only like, twenty guys.
Jet: My name is Jet, and these are my Freedom Fighters, Sneers, Longshot, Smellerbee, The Duke, and Pipsqueak.
Aang: [Laughing; looking at The Duke.] Ha, ha, Pipsqueak, that's a funny name. [The Duke sniffs his nose, as the camera pans upward to Pipsqueak.]
Pipsqueak: [Looming over Aang in a threatening manner; in a low, growling tone of voice.] You think my name is funny?
Aang: [Side-shot; Aang looks taken aback for a second before replying in an upbeat tone.] It's hilarious!
Facial shot of Pipsqueak, still looming forward with a frown on his face. He suddenly starts laughing. The camera moves back, showing Aang and The Duke following suit. Pipsqueak pats the Avatar on the back in a friendly manner, though the hit was hard enough to knock Aang flat on the ground. The Duke stops laughing and looks down at Aang sprawled on the ground before his feet, face flat in the dirt, though when Aang raises his head and continues laughing, so does The Duke.
The scene fades to the Fire Nation camp, and the camera cuts to show the Freedom Fighters raiding the empty camp.
Katara: [Approaching Jet.] Umm, thanks for saving us Jet. We're lucky you were there.
Jet: I should be thanking you. We were waiting to ambush those soldiers all morning, we just needed the right distraction, and then you guys stumbled in.
Katara: [Eyeing Sokka.] We were relying on instincts.
Jet: You'll get yourself killed doing that.
Sokka looks at them disdainfully as The Duke and Pipsqueak look through the barrels.
The Duke: Hey Jet, these barrels are filled of blasting jelly.
Jet: That's a great score.
Pipsqueak: And these boxes are filled with jelly candy!
Jet: Also good, let's not get those mixed up.
The Duke: We'll take this stuff back to the hideout.
Aang: You guys have a hideout?
Jet: You wanna see it?
Katara: [Very excitedly.] Yes, we wanna see it!
Jet smiles at her and the camera fades to show them standing on the forest floor.
Jet: We're here.
Sokka: Where? There's nothing here.
Jet: Hold this. [Gives a rope to Sokka.]
Sokka: [Skeptically.] Why? What's this do? [Screams as he is pulled up into the branches.]
Jet: Aang? [Offers Aang another rope.]
Aang: I'll get up on my own. [Leaps up into the trees with airbending.]
Jet: Grab hold of me, Katara.
Katara blushes as she takes his hand and they rise up through the tree together in a romantic setting. They come to a landing on a wooden platform in the trees. Once up there, Aang is seen zip lining through the trees.
Aang: [While passing through with Momo.] Nice place you got!
Katara: It's beautiful up here!
Jet: It's beautiful ... and more importantly the Fire Nation can't find us. [Smellerbee lands near the two.]
Smellerbee: They would love to find you. Wouldn't they, Jet?
Jet: It's not gonna happen, Smellerbee.
Katara: [As Aang zips by again.] Why does the Fire Nation want to find you?
Jet: I guess you could say I've been causing them a little trouble. See, they took over a nearby Earth Kingdom town a few years back.
Pipsqueak: We've been ambushin' their troops, cutting off their supply lines, and doing anything we can to mess with 'em. [Sokka is now seen comically hopping around trying to get past Pipsqueak.]
Jet: One day, we'll drive the Fire Nation out of here for good and free that town.
Katara: That's so brave. [Sokka manages to get by Pipsqueak.]
Sokka: [Sarcastically.] Yeah, nothing's braver than a guy in a tree house.
Katara: Don't pay any attention to my brother.
Jet: No problem. He probably had a rough day.
Katara: So, you all live here? [Sokka who is being ignored comically sinks back behind them.]
Jet: That's right. Longshot over there? [The screen cuts to Longshot and The Duke walking not making a sound.] His town got burned down by the Fire Nation. And we found The Duke trying to steal our food. I don't think he ever really had a home.
Katara: What about you?
Jet: [Katara and Jet come to a halt as the rest pass.] The Fire Nation killed my parents. I was only eight years old. That day changed me forever.
Katara: Sokka and I lost our mother to the Fire Nation.
Jet: I'm so sorry, Katara.
The screen fades from the two of them alone on the suspension bridge to the blue sky above the canopy. A cloud of cawing birds is disturbed as Appa raises his head with a roar. In the hideout, ropes with lanterns hang between branches. Sentries keep watch on several upper platforms while the group sits at a banquet table. While the group eats, Jet stands on the table.
Jet: Today, we struck another blow against the Fire Nation swine. [Everyone cheers. Katara and Aang smile while Sokka cops an attitude and a scowling face.] I got a special joy from the look on one soldier's face, when The Duke dropped down on his helmet and rode him like a wild hog monkey. [The Duke, without his helmet, climbs up the table. He marches on the table with his arms in the air.] Now, the Fire Nation thinks they don't have to worry about a couple of kids hiding in the trees. [He prepares to take a drink from his wooden cup.] Maybe they're right. [A very loud and long boo is heard; with an angry face.] Or maybe ... they're dead wrong. [A loud and long cheer is heard.]
Katara: Hey Jet, nice speech.
Jet: Thanks. By the way, I was really impressed with you and Aang. That was some great bending I saw out there today.
Katara: Well, he's great. He's the Avatar. [Blushes.] I could use some more training.
Jet: Avatar huh? Very nice.
Aang: Thanks Jet.
Jet: So I might know a way that you and Aang can help in our struggle.
Sokka: Unfortunately, we have to leave tonight. [Sokka starts walking away.]
Jet: Sokka, you're kidding me! I needed you on an important mission tomorrow. [Sokka turns around.]
Sokka: What mission?
The scene changes to the top of the forest the next day. Jet and Sokka are in branches of the same tree. Jet cups his hands and makes a birdcall; several trees down Pipsqueak and Smellerbee step into view from their branches. They reply with another birdcall. Sokka jams his jawbone knife into the trunk of the tree: Jet: What are you doing?
Sokka: Shh ... It amplifies vibrations.
Jet: [Impressed.] Good trick.
Sokka: [Sokka puts his ear to the handle of his knife.] Nothing yet. [Whispers.] Wait! Yes, someone's approaching.
Jet: [Whispers.] How many?
Sokka: I think there's just one.
Jet: [Does a another birdcall.] Good work, Sokka. Ready your weapon. [Sokka takes his knife out of the tree. His eyes spot an old man.]
Sokka: [Whispers.] Wait, false alarm ... He's just an old man.
Jet ignores Sokka and prepares to attack the old man, leaping to the ground in front of the traveler. Sokka watches with horror.
Jet: What are you doing in our woods, you leech?
Old Fire Nation civilian: Please sir, I'm just a traveler.
Jet takes a step, and with one swipe, sends the man's cane flying from his hand. The old man backs away, but when he tries to flee the way he came, he runs face first into Pipsqueak's chest. The force of the impact knocks him to the ground; Pipsqueak looms over him. He tries to crawl away, but Pipsqueak's foot on his backside effectively pins him.
Jet: Do you like destroying towns? Do you like destroying families? Do you?
Old Fire Nation civilian: Oh ... Please let me go ... have mercy ...
Jet: Does the Fire Nation let people go? Does the Fire Nation have mercy?
Jet is about to kick the man, but his foot is snagged by Sokka's club before it can be delivered. Sokka releases him.
Sokka: Jet, he's just an old man!
Jet: He's Fire Nation! Search him! [Pipsqueak holds the prisoner and Smellerbee steps up to search the poor man.]
Sokka: But he's not hurting anyone!
Jet: Have you forgotten that the Fire Nation killed your mother? Remember why you fight!
Smellerbee: We've got his stuff, Jet. [She holds up the old man's bag. The old man is thrown back on the ground.]
Sokka: This doesn't feel right.
Jet: It's what has to be done, now let's get outta here.
Jet pushes past Sokka. Pipsqueak and Smellerbee follow. Sokka looks at the old man still on his hands and knees in pity.
Jet: Come on, Sokka!
Sokka slowly turns and runs to catch up with the others. At the hideout, Aang and Momo are playing with the ziplines again. He leaps near Sokka.
Aang: Sokka! Look what the Duke gave me! [Aang is wearing a bag and pulls a small pellet from it. With a sly grin, he tosses it next to Momo, where it explodes with a pop. Momo puffs up like a startled cat. He hisses and lunges for the bag. Momo sits on Aang's shoulder and tosses several pellets at his feet. Aang dances about wildly.] Ow! Quit it!
Sokka is oblivious of it all. He's sitting with his back to the trunk and staring at the ground, glaring. Katara walks up.
Katara: Hey, Sokka. Is Jet back?
Sokka: Yeah he's back. But we're leaving.
Aang: What?
Katara: But I made him this hat. [She shows a cap made out of stitched leaves with a flower on top.]
Sokka: Your boyfriend Jet's a thug.
Katara: What? No, he's not.
Sokka: He's messed up Katara.
Aang: He's not messed up, he's just got a different way of life, a really fun way of life.
Sokka: He beat and robbed a harmless old man!
Katara: I wanna hear Jet's side of the story. [The scene changes to Jet in a room.]
Jet: Sokka, you told them what happened, but you didn't mention that the guy was Fire Nation?
Jet is sitting on a hammock-bed, the others stand. Sokka stands grumpily as far away as he can get. Aang is wearing the hat Katara made; he looks ridiculous and goofy.
Katara: No, he conveniently left that part out.
Sokka: Fine! But even if he was Fire Nation, he was a harmless civilian!
Jet: He was an assassin, Sokka.
Jet pulls out a knife and thrusts it into a nearby stump. It is a sinister looking curved blade. There are four spikes evenly spaced along the grip, with enough space for fingers to go between them. There is a ring on the butt of the knife.
Jet: See? There's a compartment for poison in the knife. [He pulls on the ring and removes a small glass tube filled with red liquid.]. He was sent to eliminate me; you helped save my life, Sokka.
Katara: I knew there was an explanation.
Sokka: I didn't see any knife!
Jet: That's because he was concealing it.
Katara: See, Sokka? I'm sure you just didn't notice the knife.
Sokka: There was no knife! I'm going back to the hut and packing my things. [Sokka stomps away.]
Jet: Tell me you guys aren't leaving yet. I really need your help.
Aang: What can we do?
Jet: The Fire Nation is planning on burning down our forest. If you both use waterbending to fill the reservoir, we could fight the fires. But if you leave now, they'll destroy the whole valley.
Aang and Katara look at each other. Fade to them entering their hut. Sokka is tying up a mat on the floor.
Katara: We can't leave now with the Fire Nation about to burn down a forest!
Sokka: I'm sorry Katara. Jet's very smooth, but we can't trust him.
Katara: You know what I think? You're jealous that he's a better warrior and a better leader!
Sokka: Katara, I'm not jealous of Jet. It's just that my instinct—
Katara: Well my instincts tell me we need to stay here a little longer and help Jet. Come on Aang.
Aang: Sorry, Sokka.
They leave the hut. Fade to the night sky above the canopy. A full moon shines on Appa, who is on his back and snoring extremely loud as he sleeps. Inside the Trio's hut, Sokka sleeps propped up against his still-packed gear while the others sleep in their sleeping bags.
Jet: Let's go.
Sokka wakes up. He pulls the door flap aside enough to see some of Jet's followers descending on the rope lines. Sokka grabs a rope line down to a lower branch. On the ground below him, Jet's Freedom Fighters are quietly pushing the loaded wagon as Jet leads them out of the camp. Sokka stealthily follows. In the dark valley. Upstream, and up toward the wall of the valley there is an old falls, and beyond that a man-made dam. A bare cliff off to the reservoir's left provides the view. Jet and his boys emerge from the forest. He goes to the edge and looks down on the dam below. The reservoir behind it is low. He turns back to the wagon.
Jet: Now listen, you are not to blow the dam until I give the signal. If the reservoir isn't full, the Fire Nation troops could survive. [The Duke jumps off the wagon.]
The Duke: But what about the people in the town, won't they get wiped out too? [Jet places a hand on The Duke's shoulder.]
Jet: Look Duke, that's the price of ridding this area of the Fire Nation. [To Longshot.] Now don't blow the dam until I give the signal—got it? [Longshot nods.]
Sokka watches incredulously from the bushes. He frowns, and hears rustling just before Pipsqueak drags him out by his wolf-tail. Smellerbee's knife is instantly at his throat.
Smellerbee: [Sneering.] Where do you think you're going, ponytail?
Jet, standing near the edge of the cliff. As he watches, Pipsqueak and Smellerbee drag Sokka between them. Pipsqueak still has a handful of Sokka's wolf-tail.
Jet: Sokka, I'm glad you decided to join us. [Pipsqueak and Smellerbee send Sokka to his knees. He rubs his shoulder.]
Sokka: I heard your plan to destroy the Earth Kingdom town.
Jet: Our plan is to rid the valley of the Fire Nation.
Sokka: There are people living there, Jet; mothers and fathers and children.
Jet: We can't win without making some sacrifices. [Sokka points an accusing finger at Jet.]
Sokka: You lied to Aang and Katara about the forest fire!
Jet: Because they don't understand the demands of war. Not like you and I do.
Sokka: I do understand. I understand that there's nothing you won't do to get what you want.
Jet: I was hoping you'd have an open mind, but I can see you've made your choice.
Pipsqueak and Smellerbee grab for Sokka. Before he can even react, Jet has his wrist pinned with the hooks of his shuang gou. Sokka's other hand is forced behind his back.
Jet: I can't let you warn Katara and Aang. [Jet releases Sokka's hand; it is immediately forced behind his back.] Take him for a walk, a long walk.
Sokka: You can't do this!
Jet: Cheer up, Sokka. We're gonna win a great victory against the Fire Nation today.
The screen pans to the riverside upriver from the dam. The collected water behind it is much less than the larger cavity of the reservoir. The river leading to down to it is a thread compared to its 'rainy season' gully. Jet, Katara, and Aang are seen walking upriver along its west bank.
Katara: Jet, I'm sorry about how Sokka's been acting.
Jet: No worries, he already apologized.
Aang: Really? [Aang and Katara stop and look at one another.] Sokka apologized?
Jet: Yeah, I was surprised too. I got the sense that maybe you talked to him or something.
Katara: Yeah, I did.
Jet: I guess something you said got through to him. Anyhow, he went out on a scouting mission with Pipsqueak and Smellerbee.
Katara: I'm glad he cooled off. He's so stubborn sometimes.
They are now walking in the gully, beside the 'river'. Aang pauses after noticing something strange, and is launched into the air by a blast from the geyser he was standing on.
Jet: All right, we're here. Underground water's trying to escape through these vents. I need you guys to help it along.
Katara: I've never used bending on water I can't see. I don't know ... [Jet stands behind her and places his hands on her shoulders.]
Jet: Katara. You can do this.
Aang: [Airbends himself back on the ground.] What about me?
Jet: I know the Avatar can do this.
Aang and Katara stand on one of the many geysers in the gully. While Jet looks on, they bend the water up. After a few minutes, a stream of water emerges from the hole. They pull it to their height and send it toward the river where it continues to flow like a waterfall. The water quickly joins the river.
Jet: Yes! Good job! This river empties into the reservoir--a few more geysers and it'll be full.
Aang: Look, there's another steam vent. [Aang and Katara walk off in its direction.]
Jet: Okay. You two keep it up, I'll go check on things at the reservoir. [He turns and walks away.]
Katara: When we're done we'll meet you over there.
Jet: Actually ... probably better if you meet me back at the hideout when you're done. [Jet resumes walking away Aang and Katara bend the next geyser into another fountain.]
Aang: [Later.] I bet that's enough, and I'm not just saying that to be lazy. [Around them, over a dozen geysers flow into the river.]
Katara: Let's catch up with Jet at the reservoir.
Aang: I thought we agreed to meet Jet back at the hideout.
Katara: Well, we finished early. I'm sure he'll be happy to see us.
The screen changes to a path in the forest. Pipsqueak and Smellerbee follow Sokka, who has his hands tied behind his back. Smellerbee gives Sokka a shove; Sokka stumbles but remains on his feet.
Smellerbee: Come on, move along!
Sokka: How can you stand by and do nothing while Jet wipes out a whole town?
Pipsqueak: Hey listen Sokka, Jet's a great leader. We follow what he says, and things always turn out okay. [Sokka notices a couple of snare leaf-piles nearby identical to the one that enticed Momo, right down to the pile of nuts.]
Sokka: If that's how Jet leads, then he's got a lot to learn. [Sokka sprints off in the direction of the snares. Smellerbee makes a grab for him, but misses.]
Smellerbee: Hey! [They give chase. Sokka leaps over the leaf piles. Pipsqueak and Smellerbee don't, and end up snared and hanging many feet up in the air.]
Sokka: While you two are up there, you might want to practice your knot work. [He holds up his now-worthless bindings, turns, and walks away.]
Pipsqueak: Hey Smellerbee, you gonna eat your lychee nuts? [Smellerbee hits him in the head with a lychee nut and it lands in the pile he's holding.] Ooh. [He picks one up and licks his lips.]
Katara and Aang are standing on the edge of the cliff. At the base of the dam, four of Jet's people are unloading barrels from the wagon and arranging them.
Katara: What are they doing?
Aang: Hey, those are the red barrels he got from the Fire Nation.
Katara: Why would they need blasting jelly? [Zooms on Aang, who is horrified.]
Aang: Because Jet's gonna blow up the dam.
Katara: What? No, that would destroy the town. Jet wouldn't do that. [Aang opens his glider.]
Aang: I've gotta stop him. [He takes off.]
Katara: [Less convinced.] Jet wouldn't do that.
Before Aang can reach the edge, Jet crosses his path from behind and snatches the glider. Aang is left wobbling precariously on the edge, and uses airbending to get himself back on stable footing.
Jet: Yes I would.
Katara: Jet, why?
Jet: Katara, you would too if you just stopped to think. Think about what the Fire Nation did to your mother, we can't let them do that to anyone else, ever again.
Katara: This isn't the answer!
Jet: I want you to understand me Katara. I thought your brother would understand, but—
Katara: Where's Sokka? [Tears fall from her eyes. Jet reaches out and touches her face.]
Jet: Katara.
She lowers her head, and with a shout, sends Jet flying with the water from her waterskin. She draws it back into the skin when she's done.
Aang: I need to get to the dam.
Aang's closed glider is on the ground. As he reaches for it, one of Jet's hook swords pins it. Jet has the two swords hook to hook; with a yank he pulls Aang's glider to him.
Jet: You're not going anywhere without your glider.
Jet swings the swords at Aang. Aang somersaults backward to avoid the extra reach. Aang finishes his retreat in a nearby tree.
Aang: I'm not gonna fight you, Jet.
Jet: [Taunting.] You'll have to if you want your glider back.
Aang retreats back into the forest, as Jet hooks the branch and pulls himself up. Katara follows on the ground. Jet attacks; Aang defends himself with balls of air, which Jet ducks. Jet attacks head on, but Aang blocks with his arms and sends his opponent flying into a tree trunk with an air kick. Jet combines his swords again and advances. Aang avoids the flail-like move and sends another air blast. Jet stoops down and lets the air flow over and past him before lunging.
They continue the chase through the many levels of the forest. Jet catches up to Aang and sends them both freefalling, attacking as they go. They both end up on a branch. Jet continues his attack. Aang avoids it all. Jet charges again, but Aang hits him with a jetstream of air. Jet falls. He recovers, but loses the glider in the process. Before Aang can get to the ground Jet kicks him into a trunk. He lands with a thud next to his glider.
A small tributary flows past him. Aang is slow to get up. Before Jet can take more than a step however, he his hit by a large water strike. Katara is there; she uses water from the river to throw Jet against the trunk of the tree. Over and over she attacks; Jet is unable to cut the water and its force plasters him against the trunk. She freezes Jet from toe to neck.
Katara: Why, Jet? I can't believe I trusted you. You lied to me, you're sick and I trusted you! [A birdcall is heard. Katara and Aang are startled, and look to the valley beyond where it's coming from. Jet gives an answering birdcall.] What are you doing?
Jet: You're too late.
Katara: [Horrified.] No!
Aang opens his glider and runs for the nearby cliff. His glider's wings are damaged to the point that he has no lift, and slams back into the ground near the edge. Katara runs over to help him.
Aang: [In pain from the fall.] Sokka's still out there, he's our only chance.
Katara: Come on, Sokka. I'm sorry I ever doubted you, please.
Longshot stands on a branch, his bow pulled. He has a flaming arrow on the string. He takes aim and fires. It arcs down to the base of the dam. Katara watches in horror.
Katara: [Whispers.] No ...
The center of the dam explodes in a cloud of smoke and fire. Katara and Aang watch a massive wall of water go to the town. Inside the town the streets are empty except for the occasional barrels and the Cabbage Merchant's cabbage cart. The water rushes through the open gate, as a cresting wave dwarfs it. The wall and gate are swallowed as the wave strikes the town. The flotsam carried away includes a smiling doll in a purple dress.
Aang: Sokka didn't make it in time.
Katara: All those people ... [She turns in rage back to Jet.] Jet, you monster!
Jet: This was a victory, Katara. Remember that. The Fire Nation is gone and this valley will be safe.
Sokka: It will be safe, without you. [In shock, Jet looks up to see Sokka, Appa, and Momo rise from below the level of the cliff.]
Katara: Sokka!
Sokka: I warned the villagers of your plan, just in time.
Jet: What?!
Sokka: [Cuts to an illustrated set of flashback stills each being panned through.] At first they didn't believe me. The Fire Nation soldiers assumed I was a spy. But one man vouched for me, the old man you attacked. He urged them to trust me, and we got everyone out in time. [The flashback ends and the townsfolk are seen on high ground above the river, on the bank opposite the town. A little girl, who was seen in the flashback, runs down to the water's edge as the doll floats by. She retrieves it.]
Little girl: [Happily.] Misses Pretty! [She hugs her doll.]
Jet: Sokka, you fool! We could've freed this valley!
Sokka: Who would be free? Everyone would be dead.
Jet: You traitor!
Sokka: No, Jet. You became the traitor when you stopped protecting innocent people.
Jet: Katara. Please, help me.
Katara: Goodbye Jet. [Sokka gives Appa's reigns a flick.]
Sokka: Yip yip. [Jet is left behind, still frozen to the tree.]
The sky they fly in is empty, save a few wispy clouds.
Aang: We thought you were going to the dam. How come you went to the town instead?
Katara: Let me guess, your instincts told you.
Sokka: [Shrugs his right shoulder.] Hey, sometimes they're right.
Aang:: Um ... Sokka? You know we're going the wrong way, right? [Sokka is surprised, but quickly recovers.]
Sokka: And sometimes they're wrong. [With a grin, he pulls Appa's reigns. They fly off screen before reappearing, going in the opposite direction.]
Fades to credits.