The camera shows a wide-view of the desert. Team Avatar looks in every direction over the vast ocean of sand for Appa. The camera halts as Aang and Toph come into view. Aang turns around to face Toph angrily.
Aang: [Enraged.] How could you let them take Appa?! ‌ Why didn't you stop them‌?!
Cut to close-up of Aang's angry face.
Toph: [Defensively.] I couldn't! The library was sinking! You guys were still inside and-
Aang interrupts Toph as he walks over to her.
Aang: [Still enraged.] You could've come to get us. I could've saved him!
Toph: [Turns to face him slightly.] I can hardly feel any vibrations out here. The sandbenders snuck up on me and there wasn't time for –
Aang: [Snaps at Toph in a harsh way.] You just didn't care! You never liked Appa! You wanted him gone!
Aang looks extremely furious at Toph as Katara walks over to him. She puts her hand on his shoulder to try and calm him down.
Katara: Aang, stop it. You know Toph did all she could. She saved our lives.
Camera moves to Sokka, who is still looking out into the desert.
Sokka: Who's going to save our lives now? We'll never make it out of here.
Aang irately walks away from the rest of the group.
Aang: That's all any of you guys care about, yourselves! You don't care whether Appa is okay or not!
Katara: We're all concerned, but we can't afford to be fighting now.
Aang: [In a cold, hard tone.] I'm going after Appa.
Aang flies off. Katara calls after him, running to the place he took off.
Katara: Aang, wait!
Cut to a view from the sky, showing Aang flying away from the rest of the group who stand by the large crater created by the disappeared library. Cut back to Katara, who is still looking in the direction Aang took off.
Katara: We'd better start walking. We're the only people who know about the solar eclipse. We have to get that information to Ba Sing Se.
The group starts walking in the same direction as Aang took off to, with Katara leading the way, followed by Sokka. Toph closes the ranks.
Sokka: You think if we dig out the giant owl, he'll give us a ride?
Cut to Zuko and Iroh riding on their ostrich horse. Iroh fake-moans in pretend pain at every step the ostrich horse takes, clasping his left arm.
Zuko: Maybe we should make camp.
Iroh: No please, don't stop just for me!
Switch to a front view of Zuko and Iroh. Iroh theatrically lets out several more groans of pain. Zuko pull at the reins, annoyed by the performance displayed by his uncle. As they dismount, the ostrich horse is alarmed by something. Zuko immediately takes on a firebending form, ready to defend himself.
Iroh: [Annoyed.] What now?
The Rough Rhinos ride through the thicket at both sides of the road Zuko and Iroh were traveling on. Mongke's rhino steps the ground forcefully breaking the surface. Mongke is shown, pulling back the reigns. Zuko keeps up his defensive position, looking at the men that surrounded them. Iroh's face clears up as he stands up and places a hand on Zuko's shoulder.
Iroh: Colonel Mongke! What a pleasant surprise!
Mongke: If you're surprised we're here, then the Dragon of the West has lost a few steps.
The Rough Rhinos prepare themselves for battle, each readying their own weapon of expertise.
Zuko: [Surprised.] You know these guys?
Iroh: Sure. Colonel Mongke and the Rough Rhinos are legendary. Each one is a different kind of weapon specialist. [The camera cuts to each member of the Rough Rhinos.] They are also a very capable singing group.
Cut to Mongke, who has his fist raised, ready for firebending.
Mongke: We're not here to give a concert. We're here to apprehend fugitives!
Iroh: [While rubbing his arm.] Would you like some tea first? I'd love some. How about you, Kahchi? I make you as a jasmine man. Am I right?
Mongke: Enough stalling! Round 'em up!
Camera shows an overhead view of the situation. Cut to a dark skinned, pony tailed guy that swings his ball and chain at Iroh, who kicks it away. The chain wraps itself around the leg of a nearby standing Rhino. Iroh tumbles over the ground, dodging two fire blasts. He rises back up and hits the Rhino in the rear, making it dash away, yanking the dark skinned warrior off his rhino and dragging him along. Iroh waves goodbye as he watches them go.
The archer shoots a lit arrow at Zuko. He quickly reacts by knocking the arrow away and releasing a fire blast, burning a hole in the surprised archer's bow.
Mongke joins the fight by directing some fire blasts at Iroh. Iroh deflects each and every one of them. As Mongke is busy with Iroh, Zuko runs up and jumps on the back of the Rhino. With two spinning fire kicks, he sends Colonel Mongke flying.
Iroh runs up to the ostrich horse, jumps on and rides toward Zuko, who awaits him, standing on the Rhino of Colonel Mongke. As he jumps on, another Rough Rhino immediately starts the pursuit. The Rider throws a grenade at the fleeing ostrich horse. It explodes right in front of it, but Iroh and Zuko ride through the explosion's smoke.
Iroh: It's nice to see old friends.
Zuko: Too bad you don't have any old friends that don't want to attack you.
Iroh: [Grasping his shoulder again as he racks his brain in search of an answer.] Hmmm ... Old friends that don't want to attack me ...
Cut to Katara, Sokka and Toph, all exhausted and dehydrated, still wandering through the desert. Sokka stops to take Momo off his back and use his wings to create some shade, causing Toph to crash into him.
Sokka: [Annoyed.] Can't you watch where you're ... [His eyes widen in comprehension as he sees who bumped into him.]
Toph: No.
Sokka: Right. Sorry.
Katara turns around to encourage the others.
Katara: Come on guys, we've got to stick together.
Sokka's clothes stick to Toph. He tries to free himself by pushing her away.
Sokka: If I sweat anymore, I don't think sticking together will be a problem.
An irritated Toph places her hand on Sokka's face and pushes him to the ground, freeing them both.
Toph: Katara, can I have some more water?
Katara: Okay, but we've got to try to conserve it.
Katara bends three small blobs of water out of her pouch and into the mouths of Sokka, Toph and Momo. Sokka circulates the water in his mouth before swallowing it.
Sokka: [As he points to his mouth.] We're drinking your bending water. [He tries to define the taste of the water, smacking his lips. Disgustedly he exclaims.] You used this on the swamp guy! Urch!
Toph: It does taste swampy.
Momo lets out a sad cry in protest of the water's flavor, after also smacking his lips. Katara sadly puts the cork back on her water sack.
Katara: [Sad tone.] I'm sorry, it's all we have.
Sokka: Not anymore! Look!
Katara looks in the direction Sokka's pointing. He walks over to the cactus and cuts off a piece with his machete. He happily drinks the fluid that's inside while Momo crawls over to him.
Katara: [Worried.] Sokka, wait! You shouldn't be eating strange plants!
She drags Toph along on her arm as she runs toward Sokka. He and Momo are quenching their thirst with plenty of cactus juice. He cuts open another part of the cactus, excitedly offering its content to a skeptic looking Katara.
Sokka: There's water trapped inside these!
Katara: [Backing away from Sokka and the cactus.] I don't know ...
Sokka: [While cactus juice drips off his chin.] Suit yourself. It's very thirst quenching though.
He gives Katara a big smile like a true salesman. Cut to close-up of his left eye as his pupil dilates rapidly. He tries to shake off the feeling by rapidly shaking his head. He starts to trip.
Sokka: [In a strange echoing voice.] Drink cactus juice. It'll quench ya! Nothing's quenchier. [He crawls over the ground as a caterpillar before jumping back to the front, pushing his face toward the camera with a big smile.] It's the quenchiest!
Katara gives Sokka a very weird look. She grabs his cactus juice and pours it away.
Katara: Okay, I think you've had enough.
Sokka: Who lit Toph on fire?
Katara wants to react on Sokka's comment, but is distracted by a sound in the sky. She looks up to see Momo flying around in circles, increasing his speed, before plummeting into the ground, head first. Katara picks up and cradles the unconscious animal.
Toph: Can I get some of that cactus?
Katara: [Wrapping her arm around Toph's shoulders.] I don't think that's a good idea. Come on, we need to find Aang.
Katara leads Toph away. Sokka stays behind, staring blankly at the sky. Katara retraces her steps and pulls Sokka along by his arms. Cut to an overview shot of the endless desert.
Sokka: [In awe.] How did we get out here in the middle of the ocean?
Katara sighs as the scene cuts to Aang flying over the desert in search of Appa. He blows his bison whistle.
Aang: Appa! [He glides down and lands on a dune.] Appa!
The camera circles around Aang. While he stares across the horizon, it begins to dawn on him that he is not going to find his friend out here. The tears well up in his eyes.
Aang: No ... [Yelling.] No!
Overcome by anger, he slams his staff on the ground, creating a large mushroom-shaped cloud of sand. Dust that was kicked up by Aang's blow washes over Katara, Sokka and Toph as they climb over another dune.
Katara: What is that?
Toph: What? What is what?
Sokka: It's a giant mushroom! [Very excited.] Maybe it's friendly!
Katara: Let's just keep moving. I hope Aang's okay ...
As Katara leads Toph away, Sokka starts to worship the mushroom by waving his arms up and down, back and forth.
Sokka: Friendly mushroom! Mushy giant friend!
Cut to the village with the Misty Palms Oasis at the border of the desert.
Man: Yeah, a little barefoot blind girl and her friends passed through here a few days ago.
Yu: Did they give you any indication where they were headed‌?
Man: Maybe you could give me a little incentive‌?
The man makes the money sign with his fingers.
Xin Fu: You suggesting I break your fingers‌?
The man quickly hides his hand behind his back and points with the other one toward the desert.
Man: They went in the desert! Too bad there's almost no chance they survived.
Xin Fu: That's okay, 'cause she's wanted dead or alive.
The man quietly backs away from Xin Fu and Yu: Yu: No she's not! I'm certain her father wants her alive.
Xin Fu: Hey, look ... Fire Nation wanted posters!
Yu follows Xin Fu's lead and examines the wanted posters. A poster of Zuko and Iroh is surrounded by posters of Aang, the Blue Spirit, Jeong Jeong and Chey.
Yu: So?
Xin Fu looks at Zuko and Iroh as they walk toward the tavern.
Xin Fu: So, look who's here.
Cut to Katara, Toph and Sokka. It is nearly twilight and they are still walking in a single file through the desert. A shadow passes over their heads and Aang lands behind them, kicking up a small cloud of sand. As the sand clears, Aang is still down.
Katara: I'm sorry, Aang. I know it's hard for you right now but ... we need to focus on getting out of here.
She walks over to him and puts a hand on his shoulder to comfort him. He pulls away.
Aang: [Hopelessly.] What's the difference? We won't survive without Appa. We all know it.
Katara: [Encouraging.] Come on, Aang. We can do this if we work together. Right Toph?
Toph: As far as I can feel, we're trapped in a giant bowl of sand pudding. I got nothin'.
Katara: [Hopeful.] Sokka? Any ideas how to find Ba Sing Se?
Sokka and Momo lie side by side on their backs, arms and legs stretched out. Sokka smiles blissfully.
Sokka: [Pointing up at the sky.] Why don't we ask the circle birds?
Katara directs her gaze to the sky and sees four buzzard wasps circling above their heads. She looks at every other member in the team. Aang still sits down sulking and Toph staggers a bit. Sokka sniggers a bit while Momo lazily claws at the buzzard wasps.
Katara: [Grabs her head in annoyance.] Ugh ... We're getting out of this desert, and we're going to do it together! Aang, get up. Everybody, hold hands. We can do this. We have to.
She takes one more look at the buzzard wasps in the sky before pulling Aang along by his staff. Aang holds on to Toph's hand and she holds on to Sokka's in turn. A big grinning Sokka pulls Momo along by his tail, who lazily tries to fly in the other direction.
The sun is setting as they all stagger up a large dune, with Katara still in the lead.
Katara: I think we should stop for the night.
The rest of the group sighs and falls down of exhaustion.
Toph: Is there any more water?
Katara: This is the last of it. Everyone can have a little drink.
Sokka crawls toward Katara with Momo riding on his back when she begins to bend the water out of her pouch. Momo leaps forward at the water, causing it to fall in the sand.
Sokka: [Theatrically panics, grabbing his head in despair.] Momo, no! You've killed us all!
Katara calmly holds her hand over the moist spot of sand and begins to bend the water back into her pouch, before giving it to Toph to drink.
Katara: No, he hasn't.
Sokka: [Relieved.] Oh, right. Bending.
Katara: Sokka, let me see the things you got from the library.
He immediately backs away and defensively grabs his back full of scrolls.
Sokka: [Offended.] What?! I didn't steal anything! Who told you that? [Pointing an accusing finger at Momo.] It was you! You ratted me out!
Katara: Sokka, I was there.
Katara takes the bag from Sokka and start to examine the scrolls.
Aang: [Sadly.] It doesn't matter. None of those will tell us where Appa is.
Katara: No, but we can find out which way Ba Sing Se is. We can use the stars to guide us. [She pulls out a map of the stars.] That way we can travel at night when it's cool and rest during the day.
She turns around and sighs at the sight of the rest of the group. They are all lying there, exhausted from the long walk and their grief for the loss of Appa.
Katara: Just try to get some sleep. We'll start again in a few hours.
Fade to Zuko and Iroh sitting at a table in the tavern at the Misty Palms Oasis.
Zuko: No one here is going to help us. These people just look like filthy wanderers.
Iroh: So do we. [Pointing at something behind Zuko.] Ah, this is interesting. I think I found our friend.
As Zuko turns around to see where Iroh is pointing at, the camera pans over his shoulder to reveal an old man sitting at a Pai Sho table.
Zuko: You brought us here to gamble on Pai Sho?
Iroh: I don't think this is a gamble.
Zuko and Iroh walk toward the Pai Sho table. The camera zooms toward Xin Fu and Yu, who are sitting on a bench at the other side of the tavern. Xin Fu jumps up with the intention to grab them, but Yu places a hand on his shoulder to restrain him.
Xin Fu: Let's take them now!
Yu: This place is full of desperate characters. If they find out we're collecting a bounty, we might have to fight them all just to keep our prize. Patience.
Cut to Iroh and Zuko approaching the Pai Sho table.
Iroh: May I have this game?
Fung: [Gesturing Iroh to sit down.] The guest has the first move. [Iroh places the lotus tile in the center of the board.] I see you favor the white lotus gambit. Not many still cling to the ancient ways. [He cups his hands toward Iroh.]
Iroh: Those who do can always find a friend.
He copies the gesture of the old man, also cupping his hands toward him.
Fung: Then let us play.
The old man places a tile on the board, quickly followed by a tile placed by Iroh. Seemingly without even looking at what the other person is doing, the two man quickly place their tiles on the board. Zuko sits down and watches intently as the two man place one tile after the other. When they are done, their tiles form the shape of a lotus flower.
Fung: Welcome, brother. The White Lotus opens wide to those who know her secrets.
Zuko: What are you old gasbags talking about?
Iroh: I always tried to tell you that Pai Sho is more than just a game.
Iroh rolls a tile over his knuckles and clutches it.
Cut to a shot of Xin Fu and Yu. Xin Fu ran out of patience and jumps up.
Xin Fu: I'm not waiting all night for these geezers to finish yapping! [He walks over to the Pai Sho table, followed by Yu.] It's over! You two fugitives are coming with me!
Fung: [Quickly places himself before Iroh and Zuko, preventing Xin Fu and Yu from reaching them.] I knew it! You two are wanted criminals with a giant bounty on your heads!
Zuko: I thought you said he would help!
Iroh: [Places a hand on Zuko's shoulder to reassure him.] He is. Just watch.
Fung: [To Yu and Xin Fu.] You think you're going to capture them and collect all that gold?
Man in the bar: Gold?
Every person in the bar looks up when they hear the word 'gold'. Some of them stand up, pulling a knife, ready to attack.
Yu: Uh ... Maybe we shouldn't.
Camera shows a close-up of a grinning Xin Fu. As he moves toward Zuko and Iroh, two men jump in front of him to block his path. With a reverse roundhouse kick, the earthbender bends a rock from the ground and easily pushes them out of his way.
Yu readies himself for battle. He sinks the first person to charge him into the ground. Meanwhile Xin Fu kicks two sandbenders away while he is lifting another one up in the air and holding a fourth one back with his other hand. After he kicks another sandbender away, he twists his waist, sending the two men he is holding flying. One of them crashes into the wall behind the bar.
When there is no one left to fight, Xin Fu and Yu realize that their prey has escaped during the chaos. Xin Fu growls in frustration and slams his two fists on the ground, erecting a giant pillar of earth under a downed sandbender, shooting him out of the window and against a palm tree.
Cut to a scorpion walking over a rock. The camera shows how Momo is patting the sand he used to cover up Sokka while he is sleeping. He jumps away as Katara approaches Sokka to wake him up.
Katara: Come on, get up. We need to go.
Sokka drowsily sits up and smiles like a drunken idiot. Toph also erects herself, smacking her lips.
Toph: Yesterday my mouth tasted like mud. Now it just tastes like sand. I never thought I'd miss the taste of mud so much.
Katara goes to Aang to wake him up, but he interrupts her before she can touch him.
Aang: I'm awake. I couldn't sleep.
Katara: Well, we need to get moving if we want to get out of this sand pit.
Aang and Katara spot something large in the sky. He quickly sits up. Cut to a shot of a large, bison shaped object floating by the bright, full moon. Aang's expression brightens up in an instant.
Aang: [Joyfully.] Appa!
Sokka: Appa‌? But why would Princess Yue need him‌? She's the moon! [Grabs Momo's tail, using it to rub his cheek.] She flies by herself!
A closer shot of the floating object reveals that it is just a small desert cloud.
Katara: [Sadly.] It's just a cloud. Wait! A cloud! [Offers her pouch to Aang.] Here, fly up and bend the water from that cloud into my pouch.
Aang gives Katara an angry look before snatching the offered water pouch out of her hands. The group gazes at him as he quickly passes two times over the cloud. The few remains of the cloud evaporate. He throws the pouch at Katara when he lands and she peeks in.
Katara: [Disappointed.] Wow ... there's hardly any in here.
Aang: [Lashes out.] I'm sorry, okay! It's a desert cloud; I did all I could! What's anyone else doing?! [Pointing his staff at Katara.] What are you doing‌?!
She returns his attack with a shocked look on her face.
Katara: Trying to keep everyone together. Let's just get moving. We need to head this direction.
Katara looks at her charts once more and leads the group in the chosen direction. They are walking silently through the desert, until Toph trips and falls flat on her face. Aang and Katara are looking at Toph, while Sokka and Momo just stand there, staring blankly to the sky. Toph sits up and rubs her right foot.
Toph: Ow! Crud! I am so sick of not feeling where I'm going! [Pointing toward the little rocklike shaped object she tripped over.] And what idiot buried a boat in the middle of the desert‌?
Katara: A boat‌?
Katara runs over to inspect the object.
Toph: Believe me, I kicked it hard enough to feel plenty of vibrations.
Sokka turns around, swinging like a string puppet, to see what Katara is so excited about. Katara begins to rub of the sand of the object that appears to be made of wood. Aang steps forward, suggestively holding up his staff. As soon as Katara backs away, Aang swings his staff around, creating a mighty gust of wind, revealing a boat of some sort. Katara crawls aboard and examines it.
Katara: It's one of the gliders the sandbenders use! And look! It's got some kind of compass on it! [Tapping the compass.] I bet it can point us out of here! Aang, you can bend a breeze so we can sail it. We're going to make it!
Shot of Sokka laughing childishly while burying Momo in the sand.
Cut to a shot of a small village at the edge of the desert, where Zuko and Iroh follow the Pai Sho player into a flower shop.
Fung: It is an honor to welcome such a high-ranking member of the Order of the White Lotus. Being a Grand Master, you must know so many secrets.
Zuko: [Annoyed.] Now that you played Pai Sho, are you going to do some flower arranging, or is someone in this club going to offer some real help‌?
Iroh: You must forgive my nephew. He is not an initiate and has little appreciation for the cryptic arts.
The Pai Sho player leads Iroh toward a door with a peephole in it. He knocks two times. A man slides open the small window in the door and peeks through.
Florist: Who knocks at the guarded gate‌?
Iroh: One who has eaten the fruit and tasted its mysteries.
Iroh smiles as the door opens to let him and the Pai Sho player through. When Zuko attempts to follow them, the door slams shut in front of him. He looks at the door with a pout when Iroh opens the small window.
Iroh: I'm afraid it's members only. Wait out here.
An annoyed Zuko frowns and crosses his arms as he rests against a nearby table. He leans over to sniff the plant on the table.
Switch to a shot of the desert where the sand-sailer is making great speed. Katara navigates it through the desert, while Aang's driving it forward using strong gusts of wind.
Katara: The needle on this compass doesn't seem to be pointing north according to my charts.
Katara places her charts over the compass. Sokka sits beside her, dangling his legs over the edge and holding Momo by the tail, who glides in the opposite direction.
Sokka: [Dreamily.] Take it easy little lady. I'm sure the sand folks who built this baby know how to get around here.
Katara looks annoyed at Sokka. When she focuses her attention back toward the horizon in front of her, she gasps in comprehension when she sees a giant rock in the distance.
Katara: That's what the compass is pointing to! That giant rock! It must be the magnetic center of the desert.
Toph: [Ecstatic.] A rock‌?! Yes! Let's go!
Katara: [Hopeful.] Maybe we can find some water there!
Aang: [Darkly.] Maybe we can find some sandbenders.
Aang continues to send gusts of wind into the sails of the glider, directing it toward the rock. Switch to a shot of the glider at the base of the rock. The sun's already rising when team Avatar reaches the top.
Toph: Ahhh ... Finally! Solid ground!
Toph happily lets herself drop flat on her back, moving her arms and legs back and forth, creating a rock angel. After she is done, the group starts to explore the caves that decorate the top of the rock. They enter a round tunnel. The cave's surface is covered with a yellow, gooey substance.
Sokka: [Breathes deeply.] I think my head is starting to clear out the cactus juice. And look!
Sokka dips his hand in the yellow goo and tastes it, sharing his find with Momo. They both spit it out and Sokka makes a disgusted gagging noise.
Sokka: Tastes like rotten penguin meat! Awww, I feel woozy.
Katara: [Irritated.] You've been hallucinating on cactus juice all day and then you just lick something you find stuck to the wall of a cave‌?!
Sokka: I have a natural curiosity.
Toph: I don't think this is a normal cave. This was carved by something.
Aang: Yeah ... look at the shape.
Toph: [Close-up of her feet.] There's something buzzing in here. [Camera pans up to her.] Something that's coming for us!
The camera shows how the group runs out of the cave, back into the open. Toph and Aang scream as the first buzzard wasp emerges. Aang pulls Toph down as it flies over their heads. A second wasp dives directly toward the camera.
Cut to a shot of the giant rock from a distance, followed by a shot of the hive as more buzzard wasps swarm out and surround the group. Aang blasts the first wasp to come near them away with a strong air current.
A second wasp lands on a nearby rock. The moment it touches it, Toph turns around to send the wasp flying again, shooting up the rock from underneath it.
Another buzzard wasp flies between Sokka and Toph. She hears it fly behind her so she lifts the rock beside her and throws it in the general direction of the sound. The giant rock is only inches apart from crushing Sokka.
Sokka: [Surprised.] What are you doing? That rock almost crushed me!
Toph: Sorry, I can't tell where they are in the air!
A loud buzzing signals the passing of another wasp. Sokka readies his machete and runs after it.
Sokka: I got this one.
He ferociously swings his weapon back and forth at the camera.
Katara: Sokka, there's nothing there!
The camera pans back. He lowers his machete, looking around in search for his imagined foe.
Sokka: I guess my head's not as clear as I thought.
Cut to a close-up of a crouched up Momo. In the background, Katara backs a few steps in Aang's direction.
Katara: We have to get out of here! I'm completely out of water to bend!
A buzzard wasp swoops in from the sky and snatches up a screeching Momo as it flies away from the hive and the benders.
Aang: Momo! I'm not losing anyone else out here.
Full of anger, he takes off on his glider in hot pursuit of Momo and the wasp. Katara and Sokka watch him go.
Katara: Come on, we're going down.
They descend along a narrow ledge. Katara leads Toph by hand.
Katara: Toph, shoot a rock right there. Fire!
Katara places Toph in the right direction. Toph kicks up some rocks and shoots them forward. The incoming buzzard wasp is shot down, taking several blows to the head. Sokka cheers, swinging his machete in the air.
Sokka: Yeah! You got it! She got it, right‌?
Katara: Yes. Now let's move.
Katara leads Toph on as they start to run along the ledge.
Shift to a close-up of Aang. He is still chasing the buzzard wasp that took Momo. A grave expression casts shadows on his face. He dives, emerging again straight underneath the wasp. As he turns, he directs a strong gust of wind at the wasp with a kick of his leg. The gust forces the wasp to release Momo out of its clutches. Momo tumbles down, but quickly regains control and begins to soar next to Aang. Aang looks from Momo toward the rising sun at the horizon. With an angry glare, he notices that the wasp is getting away. Aang glides down, flying close to the ground. Using the speed of his descent, he closes his glider and swings his staff down. A powerful wall of air splits the sand, racing toward the escaping wasp. The animal is hit in mid air, knocking it to the ground. With a dark glare, Aang just stares at the downed wasp before walking back in the direction of the giant rock. Momo follows him quickly, frightened by this merciless outburst of power.
Cut back to a shot of the giant rock, where buzzard wasps circle around Sokka and the rest, who've reached the sand-sailer at the base by now. Katara looks over Toph's shoulder, acting as her eyes.
Katara: On your left!
Toph reacts immediately and shoots a rock at her left. The buzzard wasp takes the rock full in the chest, shrieking on impact before tumbling down.
The camera pans out, showing many more wasps hovering in the air. Suddenly, gigantic pillars of sand rise from the ground and scare off the swarm. Katara, Sokka and Toph lower their arms they had lifted to shield their heads from the sand. As the wind blows the dust away, the camera pans to the left, revealing several sandbenders. Aang lands before Katara, Sokka and Toph, ready to face the sandbenders.
Cut back to a shot of the flower shop in the desert village, where a sleeping Zuko is startled by the squeaking of the door. Iroh steps through as Zuko takes on a defensive stance.
Zuko: What's going on? Is the club meeting over‌?
Iroh: Everything is taken care of. We're heading to Ba Sing Se.
Iroh and Fung bow to each other in respect.
Zuko: Ba Sing Se? ‌Why would we go to the Earth Kingdom capital‌?
Fung: [Calmly.] The city is filled with refugees. No one will notice two more.
Iroh: We can hide in plain sight there. And it's the safest place in the world from the Fire Nation. Even I couldn't break through to the city. [Happily shrugs his shoulders.]
A bell signals that someone has entered the shop. A young man approaches the group, holding up some papers.
White Lotus member: I have the passports for our guests, but there are two men out on the street looking for them.
Xin Fu and Yu can be seen through a small window in the door of the flower shop. They are holding up a wanted poster that depicts Iroh and Zuko to man walking by.
Xin Fu: You seen these guys‌?
Shift back to a shot of the base of the giant rock, where the leader of the sandbenders confronts Aang and the rest.
Sha-Mo: What are you doing in our land with a sandbender sailer? ‌ From the looks of it, you stole it from the Hami tribe.
Katara: We found the sailer abandoned in the desert. We're traveling with the Avatar. [She gestures at Aang. The leader's eyes widen a bit at this information.] Our bison was stolen and we have to get to Ba Sing Se.
A young man to the right of the leader takes a step forward and aggressively addresses Katara.
Ghashiun: You dare accuse our people of theft while you ride in on a stolen sand sailer‌?!
Close-up of Toph's misty, green eye, narrowing as she hears the young man's voice.
Sha-Mo: Quiet, Ghashiun. No one accused our people of anything. If what they say is true, we must give them hospitality.
Ghashiun: Sorry, father.
Toph's eye widens.
Toph: I recognize the son's voice. He's the one that stole Appa.
Katara: Are you sure?‌
Toph: I never forget a voice.
Aang's tunic flutters around him as he charges forward, threateningly brandishing his staff toward Ghashiun.
Aang: [Angry.] You stole Appa! Where is he? ‌What did you do to him?
Ghashiun cowers back.
Ghashiun: They're lying! They're the thieves!
With an angry frown and a growl of frustration, Aang smacks his staff on the ground, obliterating one of the sandbender's sailers with a powerful blade of air.
Aang: [Enraged.] Where is my bison‌?
The scene changes again to the flower shop, where a man exits the door, pulling two big flowerpots on a wooden wagon. After he leaves, Xin Fu and Yu walk toward the door. Xin Fu slams the door open with such ferocity that an overhanging plant comes crashing down. He shoves Zuko's and Iroh's wanted poster under the nose of the florist.
Xin Fu: Hey you, where are these men‌? I got a tip that they're in your shop.
Florist: [Calmly.] As you can see, no one is here but us.
Yu: We know all about your secret back room. [To Xin Fu.] Kick it down.
Xin Fu charges the door like a mad bull and knocks it down along with the surrounding wall, with one mighty kick.
Florist: Hey! That room is for flowers only!
Yu: Some unlucky soul has an incomplete Pai Sho set.
Yu picks up a lotus tile that lies in the center of the room and shows it to Xin Fu, who angrily knocks it out of his hands.
Xin Fu: Let's go back to finding the girl.
The scene switches to the man pulling the wooden wagon with the two large pots over some dunes. Zuko's and Iroh's head emerges from underneath the flowers. They briefly peek around before sinking back into their pots.
Cut back to the desert where Aang is confronting the sandbenders.
Aang: You tell me where he is now!
To emphasize his order, Aang sends a strong blast of air toward another sailer. The sandbenders watch in shock as it blows up.
Sha-Mo:: [To Ghashiun.] What did you do‌?
Ghashiun: I-It wasn't me!
Toph: You said to put a muzzle on him!
Aang: [Enraged.] You muzzled Appa‌?
Aang's eyes and tattoos start to glow as he enters the Avatar State. With a swing of his staff, he destroys the last of the sandbender's sailers.
Ghashiun: I'm sorry! I didn't know that it belonged to the Avatar!
Aang: [With the voices of all the Avatars.] Tell me where Appa is!
Ghashiun: [Frightened.] I traded him! To some merchants! He's probably in Ba Sing Se by now! They were going to sell him there! [The sandbenders raise their hands as if to ward off the Avatar's bright, angry glare.] Please! We'll escort you out of the desert! We'll help however we can!
The wind around Avatar Aang starts the swirl, as his anger is reaching its peak. Sokka pull Toph along with him as he starts to make a break for it, running away from his enraged friend.
Sokka: Just get out of here! Run!
Aang drops his staff. The wind around him forms a fast moving sphere, knocking up sand high into the sky. As everyone runs away, Katara stays put, staring sadly at the ground. The sandstorm engulfs her and Aang completely, obscuring them from the sight of the others. They brace themselves as the whirlwind swoops over them.
Aang's air sphere slowly lifts him up in the air, his teeth clenched and his hands cramped with rage. Katara grabs his right arm, preventing him from rising any further. The terrible face of an outraged Avatar looks down upon her, only to be met by Katara's sincere, sad expression. She pulls him back to the ground and presses him close against her chest. Sokka and Toph lower their arms as the wind becomes less violent. Tears are streaming down the Avatar's glowing eyes. Katara tries her best to hold on as her own tears well up. The air sphere slowly dissolves away as Aang leaves the Avatar state. His rage subsides to make room for pure, heartbreaking sadness.
Fade to credits.