The scene opens on a messenger hawk flying toward an imposing Fire Nation fortress as the scene changes to its tower. The camera pans across the tri-level fortress and it's tall balconies before settling on a courtyard where a group of archers stand at the ready. Switch to a closer shot of a single archer. The archer draws his bow and releases three times in succession, sharply and accurately. Switch to a shot of the bowman's target. The first arrow strikes dead center, the second arrow splits the first arrow in half, and the third arrow splits the second arrow in half and completely impales the target. Switch back to a shot of the archers as they draw their bows. The camera pans up to a balcony where Colonel Shinu is arguing heatedly with Commander Zhao.
Shinu: [In response to Zhao; somewhat angrily.] Absolutely not! The Yuyan Archers stay here. Your request is denied, Commander Zhao.
Zhao: Colonel Shinu, please reconsider ... Their precision is legendary. The Yuyan can pin a fly to a tree from one hundred yards away ... without killing it. [Annoyed.] You're wasting their talents using them as mere security guards.
Shinu: I can do whatever I want with their talents, they're my archers, and what I say goes.
Zhao turns to face the colonel, frustrated and angry.
Zhao: But my search for the Avatar is-
Shinu: [Cutting Zhao off mid-sentence while getting close to him and scoffing angrily.] Is nothing but a vanity project! We're fighting a real war here, and I need every man I've got, commander.
Zhao: But-!
Shinu: [Furiously.] That's final! I don't wanna hear another word about it!
Zhao fumes. In the background, the cry of a messenger hawk is heard. Camera shifts to an above view and follows a messenger hawk as it reaches Colonel Shinu. Shinu opens the container on the hawk's back and reads the message inside with a puzzled expression.
Zhao: [Intrigued.] News from Fire Lord Ozai?
Shinu hands Zhao the message with irritation. Zhao takes the message, rudely brushing past the Colonel as he reads the news. Zhao smiles smugly.
Zhao: [Pleased.] It appears I've been promoted to Admiral. My request ... is now an order.
Colonel Shinu bows respectfully, and leaves.
Shot of the Yuyan archers practicing. Zhao surveys their work with a glad expression playing on his face. The camera pans up to the roof of the tower where a mysterious figure in a blue mask is perched, seemingly for the entire conversation. The masked man disappears into the shadows. Switch to a shot of a vast mountain range. The landscape is blanketed with a ruined city.
The scene changes to a shot inside one of the ruined buildings where Team Avatar has set up camp. Sokka is lying against Appa, huddled in his sleeping bag. He is coughing, and there is sweat on his face.
Katara: [Pressing a wet rag onto Sokka's forehead.] This should bring your fever down.
Sokka: You know what I love about Appa the most? His sense of humor.
Katara: That's nice. I'll tell him.
Appa growls.
Sokka: [Laughs.] Classic Appa.
Aang: How's Sokka doing?
Katara: Not so good, being out in that storm really did a number on him.
Sokka starts sniffing pitifully.
Aang: I couldn't find any ginger root for the tea. But I found a map. There's an herbalist institute on top of that mountain. We could probably find a cure for Sokka there.
Katara: Aang, he's in no condition for travel. Sokka just needs more rest. I'm sure he'll be better by tomorrow. [Starts coughing.]
Aang: Not you too!
Katara: Relax, it was just a little cough. I'm fi- [She coughs again, this time with greater force, and lightly groans after.]
Aang: [Shielding his face.] That's how Sokka started yesterday. Now look at him! He thinks he's an earthbender!
Sokka: [Delirious.] Take that, you rock! [He flails his arms as if he is hitting something.]
Aang: A few more hours and you'll be talking nonsense, too. I'm going to go find some medicine! [He grabs his glider and begins to head out just as a flash of lightning strikes.] Uh, maybe it's safer if I go on foot. [To Appa and Momo.] Keep an eye on them guys. [Appa groans while Momo chitters.]
Sokka: Ha, ha! You guys are killing me!
Aang jumps, and uses airbending to help him run faster. The scene switches to Prince Zuko's ship.
Captain: We haven't been able to pick up the Avatar's trail since the storm, but if we continue heading northeast ... [A larger Fire Nation ship pulls up next to theirs.]
Zuko: What do they want?
Iroh: Perhaps, a sporting game of Pai Sho!
A soldier from the other ship walks in.
Soldier: [To Zuko.] The hunt for the Avatar has been given prime importance. All information regarding the Avatar must be reported directly to Admiral Zhao.
Iroh: Zhao has been promoted? Well, good for him! [As Iroh makes a move in his Pai Sho game, another player slaps his hand against his own forehead as if he lost.]
Zuko: [Looking down.] I've got nothing to report to Admiral Zhao. Now get off my ship and let us pass.
Soldier: Admiral Zhao is not allowing ships in or out of this area.
Zuko: Off my ship!
Iroh: [Iroh wins his game.] Excellent! I take the pot! [A crew member punches himself.] But you're all improving! I'm certain you will win if we play again.
The scene switches to a hidden outpost. One soldier is looking at Aang's wanted poster while the other is on watch duty.
Scout #1
[Reading Aang's wanted poster out loud.] Says here that the Avatar can create tornadoes and run faster than the wind. Pretty amazing!
Scout #2
Ah, that's just a bunch of Fire Lord propaganda! There's no way that's true!
The scout returns to his task and sees a cloud moving swiftly along the ground which turns out to be Aang. Aang runs by wrecking the outpost on accident. One of the scouts blows a horn signaling that Aang has been spotted.
The scene changes back to the gang's camp.
Sokka: [Weakly.] Katara, please, water.
Katara: [Also weak.] Listen carefully, Momo. [Holds up a water skin.] I need you to take this to the river, and fill it with water. [She is shown through Momo's eyes, speaking gibberish.] Got it? [Momo takes the skin and flies off.]
Aang runs up the stairs and enters the green house.
Aang: [Speaking fast.] Hello, I'm sorry to barge in like this, but I need some medicine for my friends, they have fevers and they were coughing- [Gets cut off by the herbalist.]
Herbalist: Settle down, young man. Your friends are going to be fine. I've been up here for over forty years you know, used to be others, but they all left years ago. [She pets Miyuki who begins to purr.] Now it's just me and Miyuki.
Aang: That's nice.
Herbalist: Wounded Earth Kingdom troops still come by now and again, brave boys, and thanks to my remedies they always leave in better shape they when they arrive.
Aang: That's nice. Are you almost done?
Herbalist: Hold on, I just need to add one last ingredient. [Walking among the shrubbery, looking around and muttering to herself.] Oh, sandalwood ... oh, er, uh, that won't do, banana leaf? Ah, nope, uh, ginger root, uh uh, oh where is that pesky little plant?
Aang looks exasperated in the background and face-palms himself. Cut to Zuko's ship steaming by the shore, the sunset in its last stages in the background. Cut to Zuko practicing firebending on the foredeck in the background. Iroh's arm comes into the frame.
Iroh: Is everything okay? It's been almost an hour and you haven't given the men an order.
Zuko: I don't care what they do.
Iroh: Don't give up hope yet. You can still find the Avatar before Zhao.
Zuko: [Turning back, desperation and fear on his face.] How, Uncle? With Zhao's resources, it's just a matter of time before he captures the Avatar. [Turns back out to sea and whispers.] My honor, my throne, my country, I'm about to lose them all.
Cut back to an exterior shot of the herbalist institute, followed by a shot of the old woman in front of some bushes.
Herbalist: Ah! Plum blossom! [She plucks a flower from the tree.]
Aang: [He lifts up his head off the table.] Finally! [Close-up of the mixing bowl as the herbalist drops the flower into the mixture, and Aang grabs for the bowl.] Thanks for all your help!
The scene moves back, just as Aang wants to yank the bowl out of the herbalist's hands, and she slaps his hands roughly away with her spoon.
Herbalist: Hands off!
Aang: Ow!
Herbalist: [Close-up, holding her spoon at the ready for a new attack.] What do you think you're doing?
Aang: [Rubs his hand, flinching.] Taking the cure to my friends.
Herbalist: [Lowers her spoon; laughs.] This isn't a cure! It's Miyuki's dinner. Plum blossom is her favorite.
Aang: What about my friends?
Herbalist: Well, all they need are some frozen wood frogs. There's plenty down in the valley swamp.
Aang: [Confused.] What am I supposed to do with frozen frogs?
Herbalist: Why, suck on them of course!
Aang: [Shocked and disgusted; his eye twitches.] Suck on them?
Herbalist: The frog skin excretes a substance that will cure your friends. Be sure to get plenty because once those little critters thaw out, they're useless!
Aang: You're insane, aren't you?
Herbalist: [Crazily.] That's right! Well, don't stand there all day! Go!
Aang runs out and the storm gets worse; he wipes his face from the excessive rainfall. Several arrows comes out of nowhere and pins Aang's pants to the ground; he airbends a shield sending some off them away. Aang removes one.
Aang: Uh ... I think you dropped this ... [Screams as he sees the Yuyan Archers taking aim at him. Panicking, he frees himself from the arrow that had pinned his foot to the ground and runs. He falls off a cliff into a swamp and finds the frozen frogs.] A frog!
Aang sticks the frog in his shirt and manages to get four more before getting one of his sleeves pinned to a rock. Aang waterbends an ice wall in front of himself. An arrow strikes the wall before two more land in the same spot and slice the arrows that came before it. The ice cracks and another set of arrows pin his other sleeve before a net is launched at him.
The scene cuts to show Aang bounded at his legs and arms with chains, barely able to move. He looks angry and struggles against the chains.
Zhao: So this is the great Avatar. Master of all the elements. I don't know how you've managed to elude the Fire Nation for a hundred years, but your little game of hide and seek is over.
Aang: [Angry.] I've never hidden from you! Untie me and I'll fight you right now!
Zhao: Uhh, no. Tell me, how does it feel to be the only airbender left? Do you miss your people? [Aang looks down sadly.] Don't worry, you won't be killed like they were. [Aang looks angry again.] See, if you die you will just be reborn and the Fire Nation would have to start searching all over again. So I'll keep you alive, but just barely. [Aang takes a deep breath and blows at gale force at Zhao, who falls over.] Blow all the wind you want, but your situation is futile. There is no escaping this fortress, and no one is coming to rescue you.
Zhao exits the room with the door slamming behind him. Back to Katara and Sokka snuggled up in their sleeping bags which lie between Appa's feet. Sokka has a coughing fit.
Sokka: [Weakly.] Water ...
Katara: [Weakly.] Momo should be back any minute.
Momo jumps into the shot, chittering happily. He jumps up close to Katara. He drops a dead mouse on to her chest. She looks at it in disgust.
Katara: [Weakly; in disgust.] Ugh! No, Momo, water. Wa-ter! [Momo's ear go straight up. He jumps off her and scampers.] Aang, what in the world is taking you so long?
The scene changes to an overhead shot of Aang still bound between the pillars, still trying to get out of the chains. The scene changes again, to several exterior night shots of the fortress, culminating in a long shot of the Blue Spirit. The camera zooms in three step changes to a close-up of the Blue Spirit, who moves left. Cut to a view of the road leading to the fortress where a wagon is making its way toward the gate. Cut to a view of the undercarriage of the wagon as it passes. The Blue Spirit is holding on to the underside of the wagon. The wagon reaches the gate.
Guard: All clear.
A gate guard looks at the wagon and walks around it. When the guard checks the undercarriage, the Blue Spirit is gone. The guard gets back up. Cut to a wider shot of the wagon and the guards around it.
Guard: All clear. Go on in.
Shift to a view from inside the wagon where the Blue Spirit has hidden himself; cut to an overhead shot of the wagon as it enters the first of the fortress' three gates. The shot pans up to rest on the massive central tower where Aang is held prisoner. Cut to a view of the first courtyard where the boxes in the wagon have been unloaded. The Blue Spirit runs from them and ducks into the shadows. Cut to a shot of an ornate balcony with bonfire pots on either side. The balcony is festooned with gold and red spades. Admiral Zhao appears flanked by attendants. During his speech the view cuts to show the innermost courtyard full of Fire Nation soldiers standing at attention.
Zhao: We are the sons and daughters of fire, the superior element! Until today only one thing stood our path to victory, the Avatar. I am here to tell you that he is now my prisoner! [The crowd cheers.] This is the year Sozin's Comet returns to grant us its power! [The crowd cheers.] This is the year the Fire Nation breaks through the walls of Ba Sing Se and burns the city to the ground!
As Zhao speaks, various shots are seen of the Blue Spirit steadily and stealthily infiltrating the fortress. Cut back to Aang, still struggling fruitlessly against his chains. He finally stops, breathing heavily. It's useless. Suddenly, frogs start leaping out of his shirt.
Aang: [To the frogs.] What? No! Don't leave, frogs! My friends are sick and they need you! Please go back to being frozen!
He begins to struggle again as the frogs hop away toward the door, croaking. Cut to the four guards standing outside the chamber. They begin to look confused when they hear croaking. They look down to see the frogs coming from underneath the door. Suddenly they look up as a Fire Nation soldier's helmet comes bouncing down the corridor toward them. One of the guards walks up the corridor and turns right at the first junction, disappearing from view. A gout of flame erupts from the cross hallway as well as the sound of a brief scuffle. Two more guards go up to the junction and turn right, firebending stances at the ready. Cut to a view looking down the cross hallway. The first guard who went is hanging from the ceiling, tied up. Shift to the hanging soldier and pan up to reveal the Blue Spirit on the ceiling above the two new combatants. He drops down and melee begins, but it is over quickly. Cut back to the last guards, where they now see the Blue Spirit at the junction.
Cut to a view of the door to Aang's chamber. The lone guard grabs the alarm horn next to him, but a knife knocks it out of his hand. The guard lets loose a gout of flame at the Blue Spirit as he runs down the hall toward the door, but the intruder extinguishes the blast with a bucket of water, and proceeds to sweeps the guard's feet out from under him with the empty bucket. Cut to Aang still struggling inside the chamber. He stops and looks at the noises of violence coming from through door. These stop abruptly and are replaced by the sound of the lock turning in the door. The door opens and the Blue Spirit enters. He brandishes two curved swords and runs forward to Aang, who screams in fear. The Blue Spirit approaches and two sword cuts are heard. Aang pulls his arms back in surprise – the Blue Spirit has freed him. He looks at his liberator in wonder. The Blue Spirit comes closer and cuts his remaining bonds, turns and walks back toward the door.
Aang: Who are you? What's going on? Are you here to rescue me? [The Blue Spirit opens the door and motions for him to follow.] I'll take that as a "yes."
Aang follows him out past the gagged and tied guard at the door to his chamber. He hears frog noises and turns to see his half-frozen frogs crawling on the floor.
Aang: My frogs! Come back! And stop thawing out! [The Blue Spirit comes back, picks him up by the collar and carries him out.] Wait! My friends need to suck on those frogs!
Meanwhile, back at the run-down temple, Momo has succeeded in piling up mountains of junk around Katara, but no water. Momo returns again with a crown.
Katara: [With a weak, sickly voice.] How many times do I have to tell you, Momo? We need water, wa-ter. Oh forget it. Aang, please, hurry.
Sokka: [Delirious.] Who's this "Aang" kid you keep talking about, Your Highness? [Katara gets an annoyed look on her face.]
Scene shifts back to a few exterior shots of the fortress before switching to Aang and the Blue Spirit walking silently in the sewer system underneath the fortress. Soldiers walk back and forth above them. They hope out of a grate and into one of the courtyards. Cut to Zhao walking in one of the torch-lit corridors of the fortress, followed by a scribe.
Zhao: I want a full transcription of my speech sent to the Fire Lord, along with glowing testimonials from all of the ranking officers present, and –
He cuts himself off as he hears moans. Cut to Zhao's right, where the soldiers that the Blue Spirit tied still lie. Zhao, upset, slams open the door to Aang's prison cell. It is empty, except for a frog which croaks at him from the floor. Zhao turns in anger and leaves, the scribe in tow.
Scribe: Sir, should I hold off sending that speech to the Fire Lord?
Cut back to the two would-be escapees who are now scaling a rope on the innermost wall of the fortress. They are spotted and the view zooms out as one of the guards shouts.
Soldier: There, on the wall!
A soldier appears at the top of the wall they are climbing. He cuts the rope and the pair fall down the wall, Aang screaming. Cut to side-view where Aang airbends them to a soft landing. When the dust clears, the Blue Spirit unsheathes his swords and they run. Cut to Zhao on the ornate balcony.
Zhao: [Shouting.] The Avatar has escaped! Close all the gates immediately! [Cut to the escapees running, Aang passes the Blue Spirit.]
Aang: Stay close to me!
The third gate is closing in front of them, as are the two beyond it, and it is blocked by many soldiers. Aang airbends a blast of air that blows them out of the way. Aang makes for the gate, but the Blue Spirit gets involved in melee and has to stop and fend them off. Aang turns to see the Blue Spirit in trouble. He grabs a spear from a guard near him, airbends him out of the way, spins it around and breaks the head off the spear on the ground and launches back into battle to save his new friend. The gate closes behind him. The Blue Spirit is surrounded, but Aang airbends them all out of the way. With a mighty effort, he catapults the Blue Spirit to the top of the third wall.
He is instantly surrounded, but Aang appears using the stick as a helicopter blade. He plucks the Blue Spirit off the wall and heads into the next courtyard. Cut to a close-up of Aang struggling to keep them aloft. The Blue Spirit uses his swords to knock the spears sent up at them by the guards. They barely next the top of the next wall as they crash unceremoniously onto the battlement. Aang's stick goes spinning away as guards instantly rush them. Aang runs for his stick, but a guard stops him, taking several swings at Aang with his sword. The Blue Spirit throws the guard over the wall. Aang airbends the other guards off the wall.
Cut to a wide shot of the second wall, where more soldiers are scaling ladders. Aang and the Blue Spirit knock off the soldiers as they reach the top. With two mighty blasts, Aang depopulates the two scaling ladders nearest him as the Blue Spirit knocks the one final soldier off his. Aang brings over his two scaling ladders and steps onto the one the Blue Spirit has just emptied. He hands one ladder to the Blue Spirit.
Aang: Take this. Jump on my back!
The Blue Spirit complies and Aang begins to use the ladders as massive stilts, shedding one each time a step is taken. Cut to a wide shot of the second courtyard, where dawn is approaching in the background. The first ladder shed still has some Fire Nation soldiers on it, but it falls into the dust.
Aang: Give me the next one!
The Blue Spirit again complies. Cut to the bottom of their final stilt where a Fire Nation soldier sends a gout of flame up the ladder. It is too late though, as Aang and the masked man jump from the last stilt and just manage to grab the edge of the final wall. They are unable to hold on, however, and fall to the ground. The Blue Spirit draws his swords. Four firebenders unleash their flame on them, but Aang puts the masked man behind him and airbends the flames away.
Zhao: Hold your fire! The Avatar must be captured alive!
The Blue Spirit instantly comes up behind Aang and crosses his swords in front of Aang's throat, surprising him. Cut to a view behind the escapees that pans right slowly, accenting the stand-off, before cutting to the implacable blue mask of the intruder. Cut back to a close of Zhao's eyes.
Zhao: [Through gritted teeth.] Open the gate.
Officer: Admiral, what are you doing?
Zhao: Let them out, now!
The gate is opened and the Blue Spirit backs out with his captives, swords still at his throat. Cut back to Zhao, the officer questioning him still visible over his left shoulder.
Officer: How could you let them go?
Zhao: A situation like this requires ... precision.
The Blue Spirit continues backing away from the fortress. Zhao now looks on from the top of the main gate. Cut to an arrow being strung on a bow by an unseen soldier; cut back to Zhao, who looks to his right as he speaks.
Zhao: Do you have a clear shot?
Cut to a Yuyan Archer, who is silent, but aims.
Zhao: Knock out the thief. I'll deliver him to the Fire Lord along with the Avatar.
The archer releases his arrow, which the camera follows across the field to its impact point on the Blue Spirits masks. Cut to a side-view of Aang and the Blue Spirit as the masked man collapses backward in slow motion. Aang turns in horror, his eyes glazed. He recovers, turns around and airbends up a huge cloud of dust around him and the Blue Spirit.
Zhao: Quick! Recover the Avatar!
Cut to the main gate opening and a crowd Fire Nation soldiers emerging and running toward the dust cloud. Cut to inside the dust cloud, where Aang removes the Blue Spirit's mask to reveal Zuko. Aang starts back in horror and falls backward on the ground. He jumps up and runs away, but turns to look at Zuko, his eyes huge and full of compassion. He sees the Fire Nation soldiers getting close through the smoke. Still, he hesitates. When the dust clears, however, the soldiers find nothing. Cut back to Zhao, looking insanely angry. A frog hops up onto the railing, croaks, and hops off. Fade to white, followed by a blurry shot of a forest looking straight up into the canopy overhead. It is morning. The screen pans down to Aang sitting on a nearby root, the view is still blurry. He looks forlorn. Cut to Zuko, whose view we were clearly just seeing. He looks a bit dazed still.
Aang: [To Zuko.] You know what the worst part of being born over a hundred years ago is? I miss all the friends I used to hang out with. Before the war started, I used to always visit my friend Kuzon. The two of us, we'd get in and out of so much trouble together. He was one of the best friends I ever had, and he was from the Fire Nation, just like you. If we knew each other back then, do you think we could have been friends, too?
Cut to a wide shot of Zuko lying on the ground, Aang next to him, perched a large tree root. After a pause, Zuko lets loose a huge fireball at him, but Aang dodges and flies away on a current of air. Zuko watches him hop away from tree branch to tree branch and out sight. Cut to Zuko as the camera slowly zooms backward. Zuko raises his eye in consideration. Fade to a close-up of the swamp, where Aang is collecting frozen frogs once again. Cut back to a wide shot of Zuko's ship reeling in the cutter vessel back into the mother ship. Shift to Zuko, sullen, walking past his Uncle on the main deck.
Iroh: Where have you been, Prince Zuko? You missed music night! Lieutenant Jee sang a stirring love song.
Zuko: I'm going to bed. No disturbances.
Iroh rubs his head and begins to blow his horn again. Fade back to the ruins. Aang returns, downcast. He puts frogs in his friends' mouths.
Aang: Suck on these. They'll make you feel better.
Aang collapse backward onto Appa's tail with a sigh. Cut to Sokka with a frog in his mouth.
Sokka: [With his mouth full; still spouting out nonsense.] Aang, how was your trip? Did you make any new friends?
Aang: No, I don't think I did.
Aang rolls over. Fade to Prince Zuko lying awake in his own chamber, lost in thought. He looks at the Fire Nation symbol hanging on his wall, and rolls over himself. Cut back to the ruins and to Sokka, a happy expression on his face, still sucking on the frog in his mouth.
Sokka: Mmmm! This is tasty! Mmm!
It thaws out and begins moving around and croaking. Sokka realizes what it is and spits it out in disgust. Cut to Katara where her frog has also thawed. She cries out and it hops out of her mouth. Both Katara and Sokka begin spitting and coughing, Sokka rubs his tongue in panic against Appa's fur.
Fades to credits.