The episode opens to two fox antelopes, grazing on a hill side. They look up at the monorail tracks behind them as a monorail goes past, pushed by two earthbenders. Cut to inside the car where Aang, Katara, Sokka, Toph, and Momo are awaiting their arrival at Ba Sing Se. Katara looks out from the window and notices the Inner Wall of the Earth Kingdom capital drawing closer.
Katara: [Excitedly.] Look, the Inner Wall! [Cut to a shot of the monorail approaching the wall. Cut back inside monorail.] I can't believe we finally made it to Ba Sing Se in one piece.
Sokka: [Slightly skeptically.] Hey, don't jinx it! We can still be attacked by some giant exploding Fire Nation spoon. Or find out the city's been submerged in an ocean full of killer shrimp!
Toph: [Slightly annoyed, yet still jokingly.] You been hitting the cactus juice again?
Sokka: I'm just sayin', weird stuff happens to us.
A man, sucking a corn plant in his mouth, takes a seat between Toph and Sokka, startling them. The scene changes to Aang and Katara looking out the windows, the former closing his eyes sadly.
Katara: [Sympathetically.] Don't worry Aang, we'll find Appa.
Aang: [Doubtfully.] It's such a big city.
Sokka: [Somewhat optimistically.] He's a giant bison! Where could someone possibly hide him?
The scene shows the monorail entering the Inner Wall. Cut to Sokka, Katara, and Aang viewing the giant city through the windows.
Sokka: [Realizing the city's gigantic size.] Oh.
The three notice that Ba Sing Se stretches almost as far as their eyes can see, and it has many roads and buildings. Their train enters the monorail station, stopping there. All of them disembark.
Toph: [Sighs.] Back in the city. Great.
Sokka: [Excitedly.] What's the problem? It's amazing!
Toph: [Shot shows Sokka and Toph with Momo resting on her shoulder.] It's just a bunch of walls and rules. You wait, you'll get sick of it in a couple of days.
Scene changes to Aang looking at the bison whistle in his palm, and he blows it. 
Aang: I'm comin' for ya, buddy. [Katara walks over to the downtrodden Aang, and places her hand on his shoulder. More confidently.] He's here; I can feel it.
The shot changes to the monorail departing, behind the team. Cut to the other side of the track, where there is a woman with long dark hair that billows in the wind. She approaches them with a strange smile on her face.
Joo Dee: [Excited.] Hello, my name is Joo Dee! I have been given the great honor of showing the Avatar around Ba Sing Se. And you must be Sokka, Katara, and Toph! Welcome to our wonderful city. Shall we get started?
Sokka: Yes. We have information about the Fire Nation army that we need to deliver to the Earth King, immediately.
Joo Dee: Great! Let's begin our tour. And then I'll show you to your new home here. I think you'll like it!
Sokka: [Slightly annoyed.] Ugh! [Walks up to Joo Dee.] Maybe you missed what I said. We need to talk to the king about the War, it's important.
Joo Dee: [Close-up on Joo Dee's face.] You're in Ba Sing Se now. Everyone is safe here.
Team Avatar has a confused look on their faces regarding Joo Dee's strange statement. Cut to an overhead shot of the area of the city near the wall. An ostrich horse pulls a carriage through the streets. Many shops and refugees line the streets. Cut to a shot of the inside of the carriage containing Joo Dee and Team Avatar.
Joo Dee: This is the Lower Ring.
Katara: What's that wall for?
Joo Dee: Oh, Ba Sing Se has many walls! There are the ones outside protecting us, and the ones inside, that help maintain order. [Shot changes to outside the carriage as the camera pans across some refugees.] This is where our newest arrivals live, as well as our craftsman and artisans, people that work with their hands. [Shot changes back to inside the carriage.] It's so quaint and lively!
Cut to a shot of two men conversing in an alley. One of them is holding a large sword that glistens in the light. Both glare at the carriage as it passes. Cut back to the carriage, where Katara becomes unnerved, her face blanking out, while Momo, who was looking out of the window by hanging from the ceiling, quickly retreats completely into the carriage.
Joo Dee: [Nervously.] You do want to watch your step, though.
Katara: [Nervous look on her face.] Why do they have all these poor people blocked off in one part of the city?
Aang: [Upset and somewhat bored.] This is why I never came here before. I always heard it was so different from the way the monks taught us to live. [Looks out the window.]
The scene changes to another part of the Lower Ring. Cut to Zuko walking down the street. Iroh catches up to him from behind, holding a large vase with several orange flowers placed in it. Cut to a close-up of Zuko staring coldly at the flora and Iroh.
Iroh: I just want our place to look nice, in case someone brings home a lady friend! [He gives Zuko a nudge with the elbow.]
Zuko: [Bleakly.] This city is a prison. I don't want to make a life here.
Cut to overhead view of the street they are walking down.
Iroh: Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not. Now come on, I found us some new jobs, and we start this afternoon!
Cut to a shot from behind Zuko and Iroh as they walk away. Someone's feet step out in front. Cut to a close-up of Jet staring angrily at the two firebenders.
Jet: Look at them, firebenders living right under everyone's nose.
Longshot and Smellerbee walk up to Jet from an alley.
Smellerbee: Jet, you saw a man with a hot cup of tea. It doesn't prove he's a firebender. And what if he is, are we supposed to attack them‌? I thought we were starting over here, changing our ways.
Jet: We are. When I get the evidence I need, I'll report them to the police and let them handle it. [Walks forward a bit and turns his head to face the pair.] Ok‌ay?
Smellerbee and Longshot exchange glances. Cut to a shot of the Middle Ring, where Joo Dee is continuing the tour in the carriage.
Joo Dee: This is the Middle Ring of Ba Sing Se, home to the financial district, shops and restaurants, and the university.
Cut to side-view of carriage. Aang and Sokka looks out of the windows, bored.
Sokka: Yeah, we met a professor from the Ba Sing Se University. He took us to an ancient underground library where we discovered information about the war that is [Cut to inside carriage. Leaning toward Joo Dee, losing his patience.] absolutely crucial for the Earth King to hear!
Joo Dee: [Smiling; excitedly.] Isn't history fascinating? Look, here's one of the oldest buildings in the Middle Ring, Town Hall!
The carriage stops and Joo Dee exits. Sokka stares at her, annoyed.
Sokka: Is that woman deaf? She only seems to hear every other word I say.
Toph: It's called "being handled". Get used to it. [Crosses her arms as everyone else glares sadly at Sokka.]
The scene changes to a small tea shop in the Lower Ring, with Jet leaning against the shop's wall. He turns around and peeks inside the window, spotting Zuko and Iroh speaking with the shop's owner. Cut to Jet's view.
Pao: Well, you certainly look like official tea servers. [Cut to close-up of Pao.] How do you feel‌?
Cut to Zuko and Iroh wearing aprons. Iroh desperately attempts to tie the string behind his back, but his effort is in vain.
Zuko: [Annoyed.] Ridiculous.
Iroh: Uh, does this possibly come in a larger size? [Cut to a view behind Iroh with the apron strings not quite long enough to tie.]
Cut to side-view of the threesome.
Pao: I have extra string in the back. Have some tea while you wait!
Pao pours some tea in two cups, hands them to his new employees, and heads to the back of the shop. Cut to frontal view of Iroh and Zuko. Iroh takes a sip from his cup, but his face contorts in disgust.
Iroh: [Quickly holds the cup at a distance.] Blech! [Looks at it in disgust.] This tea is nothing more than hot leaf juice!
Zuko: [Iroh closely examines his cup. In an annoyed tone.] Uncle, that's what all tea is.
Iroh: [Angrily.] How could a member of my own family say something so horrible?! We'll have to make some major changes around here.
Iroh angrily takes the tea pot and heads over to the window Jet is spying through. Jet gasps and moves away just in time as Iroh dumps the tea out the window. Jet slowly stalks around the corner of the shop and leaves. The scene changes to the carriage in which Team Avatar is touring in, which is now in the Upper Ring.
Joo Dee: The Upper Ring is home to our most important citizens. Your house is not too far from here!
Fade to the carriage passing by another wall with a tall gate. Behind it, the roof of an enormous building can be seen.
Katara: [Close-up.] What's inside that wall?
Cut to a closer view of the tall gate. Three men are standing in the gateway, wearing dark robes and wide brimmed hats turn their eyes toward the group, looking somewhat hateful at them. Cut to inside the carriage.
Sokka: And who're the mean-looking guys in robes?
Joo Dee: Inside is the Royal Palace. Those men are agents of the Dai Li, the cultural authority of Ba Sing Se. They are the guardians of all our traditions!
Aang: [Close-up view. Bored and annoyed.] Can we see the king now?
Joo Dee: [Close-up view.] Oh no, one doesn't just pop in on the Earth King!
Overhead view of inside of carriage. Aang nods his head, sadly. Cut to a shot of sky, with Momo flying, and descending and landing on the roof of a small house.
Joo Dee: Here we are! Your new home.
Cut to behind the gang looking down at Joo Dee. A messenger comes, gives Joo Dee a scroll, and leaves.
Joo Dee: [Close-up view.] More good news! Your request for an audience with the Earth King is being processed, and should be put through in about month. [Cut to behind the gang looking down at Joo Dee.] Much more quickly than usual!
Sokka: [Close-up view of Team Avatar. Surprised.] A month?
Joo Dee: [Close-up view. Smiling widely.] Six to eight weeks, actually. [Closes her eyes and grins.]
The scene changes to a brief shot of the house before cutting to the inside.
Joo Dee: [Close-up side-view.] Isn't it nice? I think you'll really enjoy it here.
Sokka: [Cut to view of entire room from the back.] I think we would enjoy it more if we weren't staying for so long. Can't we see the Earth King any sooner?
Joo Dee: [Close-up view over Sokka's shoulder. Smiling.] The Earth King is very busy running the finest city in the world! [Close-up on Sokka, as an annoyed expression covers his face.] But he will see you as soon as time permits.
Aang: [Cut to Momo and Aang. Aang turns to look out the window determined.] If we're going to be here for a month, we should spend our time looking for Appa. [At the sound of Appa's name, Momo wakes up.]
Joo Dee: [Side-view of Aang with Joo Dee behind. Bows.] I'd like to escort you anywhere you'd like to go.
Toph: [Cut to Katara and Toph. Annoyed.] We don't need a babysitter.
Cut to view of room from the back. Toph gets up and walks toward the door.
Joo Dee: Oh, I won't get in the way. [She takes a step, blocking Toph's path.] And to leave you alone would make me a bad host! [Close-up of Toph, from behind, with Joo Dee in front.] Where shall we start?
Toph turns around in annoyance. The scene changes to a brief overhead shot of the city before changing to a bowl of food tied to a pole. Momo jumps on the bowl and starts to eat, but is scared by a cat owl, who screeches at him. Cut to a shot of the room, where Team Avatar, accompanied by Joo Dee, is in a pet store and speaking with the owner at the counter.
Pet store owner: [Close-up shot.] I'm sorry, but I haven't heard anything about a flying bison. I didn't even know there were any.
Aang: [Cut to shot of Aang and Sokka, Joo Dee lurking behind.] If someone wanted to sell a stolen animal without anyone knowing, where would they go‌?
Sokka: [Slightly frustrated.] Where's the black market? Who runs it? [Pointing at him accusingly.] Come on, you know!
Pet store owner: [Close-up shot. Nervous and perspiring.] Uh ... [Looks at Joo Dee, who is standing behind Sokka and Aang, shaking her head.] That would be illegal. You'll have to leave now; your lemur is harassing my sparrowkeets.
Cut to a shot of Momo eating the birds' food while defending himself from the sparrowkeets. The scene fades to an overhead shot of Ba Sing Se University, and cuts to Team Avatar standing in front of a student. A few students are walking around.
University student: Hmm ... I've never seen any sandbenders or nomads around here. [Frontal shot.] You should ask Professor Zei, he teaches the class on desert cultures.
Sokka: [Annoyed.] Right. And which of your professors could we ask about the war with the Fire Nation?
University student: [Nervously.] Uh ...
The student looks at Joo Dee, behind Sokka, who shakes her head at him. Sokka notices this from the corner of his eye, but she quickly stops before he can see it fully.
University student: [Close-up shot. Still very nervous.] I don't know. I'm not a political science student ... I've got to get to class.
He stands up and goes away, but trips, dropping his scrolls. He quickly picks them back up, and hurries to go. Joo Dee waves at him, smiling.
Cut to a shot of Aang, Katara, Sokka, and Toph standing at the steps of their house. Joo Dee is still sitting in the carriage, and talking to them through the window.
Joo Dee: Well, I'm sorry no one has seen your bison. Why don't you go get some rest‌? [Smiling.] Someone will be over with dinner, later.
As the carriage drives off, Sokka, followed by the rest of the gang, notices a man in the house across from them peeking through a window at them. Close-up shot of the man's door as his head recedes back. Cut back to the gang from behind.
Sokka: [He gestures to the rest of Team Avatar to follow him.] Hey, come with me.
Everyone follows Sokka across the street. Cut to a shot of Sokka knocking on the front door. The same man appears and opens the door, smiling at them.
Pong: You're the Avatar! [Side-view of gang.] I heard you were in town. [Overhead view.] I'm Pong.
Aang: [Side-view of gang. Smiles.] Nice to meet you, Pong.
Sokka: So, Pong, what's goin' on with this city? Why is everyone here so scared here to talk about the war?
Pong: [Frontal view. Shifts his eyes to the sides.] War? Scared? What do you mean?
Toph: [Frontal view. Slightly annoyed.] I can feel you shaking.
Pong: [Frontal view.] Look, I'm just a minor government official. [Looks to the sides to confirm that no one is present except them.] I've waited three years to get this house. I don't want go get into trouble.
Katara: [Tight side-view of the gang and Pong.] Get in trouble with who?!
Pong: [Puts his finger on his mouth, and whispers.] Shh, listen, you can't mention the War here. [Overhead view.] And whatever you do, stay away from the Dai Li.
As he closes the door, everyone looks at each other's faces in confusion. Fade to a shot of some apartments. Jet spies on Zuko and Iroh, from a balcony in the shadows, hiding behind a clothesline in the apartment across theirs.
Iroh: Would you like a pot of tea?
Zuko: [Close-up of Jet.] We've been working in a tea shop all day! [View from the outside in to the window where Zuko lays on a bed.] I'm sick of tea!
Iroh: [Pan across to Iroh through another window.] "Sick of tea?" That's like being sick of breathing! [He rummages through the cupboard beneath the counter, where he is standing. Close-up view of kettle.] Have you seen the spark rocks to heat up the water?
Jet: [Side-view. Whispering to himself.] They're not there. [Opens his fist to show some emerald colored rocks. Close-up side-view.] You'll have to firebend, old man. [He sees Iroh going inside, and narrows his eyes.] Where're you going?
Iroh: [View through window. Coming back to the counter.] I borrowed our neighbors'. Such kind people.
Close-up of kettle. He strikes the rocks near a pile of twigs below the teapot, and creates a flame. Jet, frustrated, ducks behind the clothesline and leaves.
Fade the next morning, and the scene changes to a blue jay chirping, before the camera pans down to Team Avatar's house. Cut to Katara coming out from the door, yawning and stretching. She takes a roll of papers on a mail slot attached to the wall, and reads it briefly, gasping with excitement, before running back inside. The others are all lounging around the upper part of the living room, and she runs to inform them about the information in the roll.
Katara: I got it! I know how we're going to see the Earth King!
Toph: [Frontal view.] How are we supposed to do that? [Mimicking Joo Dee.] "One doesn't just pop in on the Earth King!"
Katara: [Side-view of her and Aang. Reading from the papers.] The king is having a party at the palace tonight for his pet bear.
Aang: You mean, platypus bear?
Katara: No, it just says 'bear'.
Sokka: [Close-up view. He is lying upside down.] Certainly you mean his pet skunk bear.
Toph: [Frontal view.] Or his armadillo bear.
Aang: [Frontal view.] Gopher bear?
Katara: [Side-view of room.] Just ... bear.
Toph: This place ... is weird.
Katara: [Growing excited again.] The palace will be packed. We can sneak in with the crowd!
Toph: [Lies down.] Won't work.
Katara: [Frontal view. Slightly confused.] Why not?
Toph: [Over Katara's shoulder view.] Well, no offense to you simple country folk, but a real society crowd will spot you a mile away. You've got no manners! [Takes a pastry from a bowl and eats it.]
Katara: [Frontal view.] Excuse me? I've got no manners?! You're not exactly "lady fancy fingers!"
Toph: [Burps. Over Katara's shoulder view.] I learned proper society behavior and chose to leave it. [Throws the half eaten pastry to the side.] You never learned anything. And frankly, it's a little too late. [She picks her nose and flicks the snot off her finger.]
Sokka: [Side-view of room. Excitedly.] Aha, but you learned it! You could teach us!
Aang: Yeah, I'm mastering every element. How hard could manners be‌?
Aang grabs a nearby curtain and puts it around himself like a noble's robe, and talks in a very sophisticated manner.
Aang: Good evening, Mr. Sokka Water Tribe, Ms. Katara Water Tribe, Lord Momo of the Momo Dynasty. Your Momo-ness. [Frontal view of Momo as he peeks at Aang from under the carpet and slightly bows.]
Sokka: [Stands up also wearing a curtain like a robe. Mimicking a typical high class person.] Avatar Aang, how do you do? Go on.
Aang bows to Sokka, and Sokka, trying to outdo Aang's bow, bows back. Aang tries to further out do Sokka's bow with a deeper bow and Sokka returns this bow with an even deeper bow. Both of them try to bow at the same time, but they knock each other's foreheads' together and fall down.
Toph walks toward Katara with the legs of Aang and Sokka seen on the floor.
Toph: Katara might be able to pull it off, but you two would be lucky to pass as busboys!
Cut to Sokka and Aang, who are still on the ground with curtains still on top of them.
Sokka: But I feel so fancy! [Toph's snot falls on Sokka's forehead.]
The scene changes to a shot of house, at dusk, and changes to inside the house, where Sokka and Aang are playing a game. Close-up of their hands.
Aang: [Closing his hands into a fist.] Earth!
Sokka: [Wriggling his hands.] Fire!
Sokka grumbles at losing the game, while Aang raises his hands, triumphantly, and flicks Sokka's forehead while grinning. Katara and Toph enter the room from a door, wearing makeup, exquisite Earth Kingdom dresses, and holding a fan each. Toph and Katara stare at the boys calmly before giving in to a fit of giggles. Aang blushes and stares dreamily at the sight of Katara.
Aang: [Stunned.] Wow, you look beautiful.
Sokka flicks Aang's forehead. Katara opens her mouth to reply to Aang's compliment, but is stopped by Toph placing her fans in front of her mouth.
Toph: Don't talk to the commoners, Katara. First rule of society.
Cut to a view of the room as Aang and Sokka watch the two girls leave.
Katara: [To Sokka and Aang.] We'll get in the party, and then find a way to let you in through the side gate.
The sound of a gong is heard as Momo walks past them, wearing one of the curtains as a cape. Aang looks at Sokka, who merely shrugs.
Cut to outside the tea shop where Iroh and Zuko are working. A man walks in through the door. Jet is shown to be spying on the shop from an alley. Cut to close-up of Jet's face with an expression of suspicion. Cut to a view behind him. Smellerbee and Longshot walk up behind Jet.
Smellerbee: Jet, we need to talk.
Jet: What‌? Oh great, it's you guys. Where have you been‌? [Overhead view of alley.] I could use some help with surveillance here!
Smellerbee: We've been talking, [Cut to side-view of the threesome, tea shop in background.] and we think you're becoming obsessed with this. It's not healthy.
Jet: [Close-up shot.] Oh, really? You both think this?
Frontal view of Longshot and Smellerbee. Longshot places his arm on Smellerbee's shoulder in agreement with her statement.
Smellerbee: We came here to make a fresh start. But you won't let this go. Even though there is no real proof!
Jet: Well, maybe if you'd help me!
Smellerbee: [Side-view of threesome.] Jet, you gotta stop this.
Jet: Maybe you've forgotten why we need to start over. [View of Longshot and Smellerbee from behind Jet. Longshot and Smellerbee look down, guiltily.] Maybe you've forgotten about how the Fire Nation left us all homeless‌. How they wiped out all the people we loved. If you don't want to help me, I'll get the evidence on my own. [He goes toward the tea shop.]
Cut to outside of tea shop, before switching to its interior, where Iroh is pouring tea to a customer.
Customer: This is the best tea in the city!
Iroh: [Frontal view.] The secret ingredient is love. [He waves a hand through the steam coming from the teapot and walks toward the back of the shop where the owner is, while Zuko gives him a disgusted look.]
Pao: [Side-view. Turning to Iroh.] I think you're due for a raise.
Cut to the door as it is suddenly slammed open by Jet; he enters.
Jet: I'm tired of waiting! [Pointing an accusing finger at Iroh and Zuko.] These two men are firebenders!
Jet unsheathes his hook swords and prepares to fight. View from behind Jet. Iroh and Zuko quickly exchange a look, not knowing what to do. Cut to view of Iroh at the back of the tea shop with Jet at the entrance.
Jet: I know they're firebenders, I saw the old man heating his tea!
Customer: [Frontal view. Bleakly.] He works in a tea shop.
Jet: [Frontal view.] He's a firebender! I'm telling you!
Customer: [Frontal view. Stands up, along with another man.] Drop your swords, boy. Nice and easy.
Jet: [Frontal view. To Zuko.] You'll have to defend yourself. Then everyone will know. Go ahead, show them what you can do.
Jet slowly walks toward Zuko and Iroh with his swords. Just as one of the customers is about to draw his swords, Zuko steps in front and grabs them instead.
Zuko: You want a show? I'll give you a show!
Zuko takes the customer's broadswords and enters a fighting stance. He pulls a table in front of him with his foot and kicks it at Jet, who slices the table with his swords and jumps over it. As he lands, he swings both hook swords at the Fire Nation prince, who deflects the attack and jumps backward on to another table, which is sliced in half by Jet, swinging one sword through the middle of the table. Zuko steps onto one half of the table and balances on one foot. Jet continues his attack by cutting the legs on the half of the table Zuko is standing on. Zuko quickly jumps up, and as he lands, he swings both broadswords at Jet's feet, and Jet somersaults away and lands in a crouching position before charging forward at Zuko again. Zuko swings both of his swords at Jet. Just as both weapons clash together, the scene freezes and cuts to the Ba Sing Se Palace. Several high class citizens are lined up and being admitted inside by a guard, who is checking the invitation of one group before letting them pass. Toph and Katara are next in line and approach him.
Guard: Invitation please.
Toph: [Formally.] I think this will do.
Toph shows the official seal of the Beifong family to the guard. The camera cuts to a closer, detailed shot of the seal, before cutting to the guard.
Guard: No entry without an invitation. Step out of line, please.
Toph: [Irritated.] Look, the Pangs and the Yum Soon Hans are waiting in there for us! I'm going to have to tell them who didn't let me in.
Guard: [Unyielding.] Step out of line please.
As the guard points his finger to the side, Katara and Toph move out disappointedly, when Katara notices a carriage, from which Long Feng comes out, and two Dai Li agents bow to him. Katara has an idea, and she, along with Toph, go to the leader of the Dai Li.
Katara: [Side-view.] Sir, I'm sorry to bother you, but my cousin lost our invitations. [Whispering.] She's blind. [Again, normally.] Do you think you could help us? Our family's inside and I'm sure they're very worried.
Long Feng: [Close-up view as he smiles and bows his head.] I am honored, please come with me.
Long Feng walks toward the guard at the entrance with Toph and Katara following him. The guard bows to him and the three of them go into the palace. As they are walking in, Toph and Katara stick their tongues out at the guard while his back is turned. The scene changes to an overhead shot inside the palace. At one end of the table is Bosco the bear eating a steak, his drool dripping of his chin. Seated to either side of him are two guests.
Older guest: He's taking all the good stuff!
Younger guest: Quiet! You don't know what I had to do to get seats this near the bear!
Bosco slightly hits the younger guest before pouncing onto the table and eating a large plate of meat in front of him. Cut to a close shot of the bear gorging. As he moves his head, Toph, Katara, and Long Feng walk into the hall.
Long Feng: It's beautiful, isn't it? [Close-up shot. Turning to the girls.] By the way, I'm Long Feng. I'm a cultural minister to the king.
Katara: [View of her and Toph.] I'm Kwa Mai, and this is ... Dum. [Toph frowns and pulls a string hanging from Katara's headdress, causing her pain.] Ow!
Long Feng: [Close-up shot.] Now where is your family? I'd love to meet them.
Katara: [Side-view. Feigning looking around.] Uh ... I don't see them right now, but I'm sure we'll find them soon. [Smiles.] Thanks for all your help.
As they walk away, Long Feng appears in front of them.
Long Feng: Don't worry, as your escort it would be dishonorable to abandon you ladies without finding your family first. We'll keep looking. [He turns around and leads the two girls, while Katara glances at Toph, nervously.]
Cut to outside the palace. Aang peeks around the pedestal of a statue of a lion. Cut to a shot of Aang and Sokka peeking around both sides of the pedestal.
Aang: [Worried and nervous.] Where are they?
Aang and Sokka duck behind the pedestal.
Sokka: Look, I came up with a back-up plan. [He picks Momo up.] We dress Momo like a ghost, okay? [Moves Momo in a circle.] He flies by the guards, creating a distraction. Then, we blast a hole in the wall-
Aang stands up and looks over the pedestal, and points to some busboys, as Sokka stands up. Cut to some busboys unloading supplies from a carriage and taking them inside.
Aang: Or we could go in as these guys. Toph said we might pass as busboys!
Cut to a shot of Aang and Sokka.
Sokka: Okay ... [Rolls his eyes.] But remember that Momo ghost plan. I think it's a winner. [Smiling, he and Aang sink behind the pedestal.]
The scene changes to outside the tea shop, as Zuko bursts out through the door and tumbles onto the street. Jet runs after him and strikes at Zuko with both swords. Zuko defends the strike and both combatants lock swords.
Jet: [Close-up shot with a sinister grin.] You must be getting tired of using those swords. [Close-up shot of Zuko with a look of annoyance.] Why don't you go ahead and firebend at me?
View behind the fighters as they move off screen to reveal Zuko at the door to the tea shop.
Iroh: Please, son, you're confused! You don't know what you're doing!
Cut back to Jet and Zuko, fighting. Zuko swings at Jet, but Jet stops Zuko's broadsword with the ends of his hook swords, spins around and deflects it to the side. Zuko spins with his swords and tries to counterattack, but Jet hooks the ends of his swords together and begins to swing them at Zuko in large circular motions. Zuko retreats back a few steps to defend himself.
Jet: Bet you wish he'd help you out with a little fire blast right now.
As Jet swings at Zuko's feet, Zuko stabs one of his broadswords through the hilt, pinning it to the ground. Jet looks at it with annoyance before focusing back on Zuko.
Zuko: You're the one who needs help.
Both the combatants lose a sword, and continue fighting with only one. He turns in a circle and tries to swipe at Zuko, but Zuko quickly advances and swings his sword at Jet. Jet pulls his attack just in time to bend backward and avoid Zuko's blade, cutting the straw sticking out of Jet's mouth in half. The scene replays, but the second time, zooms in on the straw. Jet regains balance, and jumps backward onto the edge of a well.
Jet: You see that‌?! [Aerial view.] The Fire Nation is trying to silence me. [View behind Zuko looking at Jet.] It'll never happen.
Jet begins to attack again, hooking his sword to the top of the well and sending a flying kick toward Zuko.
The scene cuts back inside to the palace, where Aang and Sokka are seen, standing back to back, fully dressed as busboys, serving refreshments to the guests of the party. Aang begins pouring a drink while Sokka is serving food to people who pass by.
Aang: [A little worried.] Where are Toph and Katara?
Sokka: Forget about them! Just keep an eye out for the king. [He grows slightly annoyed as Momo's tail, which has been sticking out of Aang's hat, begins to wag in his face.]
Aang: [Slightly nervous.] I don't know what he looks like.
Sokka: You know, royal, flowing robe, fancy jewelry. [He grabs Momo's tail, still wagging in his face, and vigorously stuffs it back into Aang's hat.]
The camera pans around the room to show the party guests, all fitting Sokka's description. They are all adorned in fancy, flowing robes and headpieces, chatting and eating food.
Aang: That could be anyone!
Cut back to Aang and Sokka as the camera pans right to show Toph, walking up to the duo.
Toph: [Trying to speak in a fancy voice.] Another crab puff, please. [Sokka leans in, eyes closed, with his tray to hand her a puff, unaware it's her.]
Aang: [Surprised and happy.] You found us!
Toph: [Back to her normal voice.] I'd know your little footsteps anywhere, Twinkle Toes.
Katara catches up to the group, and Aang blushes when he sees her.
Sokka: [Opening his eyes, realizing who they are. Sarcastically.] Thanks for letting us in!
Katara: [Close-up of her face.] Sorry, but the guy who escorted us in won't let us out of his sight!
The camera pans out to show all of the party guests, none of which seem to be following them.
Sokka: [Slightly confused, not seeing anyone following them.] What guy?
Cut to an overhead shot of the group. As they look around for Long Feng, Joo Dee approaches the group, and is anxious to see them.
Joo Dee: What are you doing here? You have to leave immediately, or we will be in terrible trouble!
Joo Dee tries to push Sokka, but he blocks her with his tray.
Sokka: Not until we see the king.
Joo Dee: [Close-up of her face.] You don't understand. You must go.
Joo Dee shoves Sokka on Aang, causing him to spill the water inside the pitcher he was carrying on a guest.
Guest: Aarrrh! Oh!
Aang: Sorry. No, don't shout.
Aang uses his hands and foot to airbend a gust at the guest. His hat is blown off, along with Momo. It dries the water on her, but also turns her hair, clothes, and makeup into a mess, leading Aang to smile sheepishly. The guest is briefly shocked, but smiles in amazement.
Guest: [Amazed.] The Avatar! I didn't know the Avatar would be here.
All the guests' attention is now focused on Aang. Joo Dee's large, happy smile quickly turns sour and is replaced by a frown and a look of dread. Aang looks around at the guests as Momo hides back under the hat on the floor and slinks away. Aang blushes and waves at the crowd, laughing nervously, as Sokka leans in toward Aang.
Sokka: [Whispers.] You keep their attention while I look for the king.
Aang: [View of Aang from above.] Watch this, everybody!
Wide-view of the room. Aang jumps out of his busboy clothes and lands on the long dining table as Sokka walks off into the crowd. Aang swings his arms over the guests' drinks, waterbending the liquid out of the cups. He jumps onto a pitcher and balances on top of it, while continuing to waterbend. Aang brings the liquid above his head and creates a swirling multicolored ball. The crowd cheers and claps as he spins around. Bosco growls with delight at Aang's antics.'
Scene changes to outside the tea shop, where Zuko and Jet are fighting. Zuko growls as he swings his sword at Jet, who dodges the attack. He moves on to Zuko's side, and they end up back-to-back. Zuko and Jet attempt to strike the opponent behind them, but neither can get past the other's defense. Cut to a shot of two Dai Li agents walking toward the fight.
Dai Li agent: Drop your weapons.
Aerial view. Zuko and Jet step away and face each other. Zuko lowers his sword, as Jet points at Zuko and Iroh.
Jet: Arrest them! [Frontal view.] They're firebenders!
Iroh: [Panning view from behind Jet facing Iroh and Zuko.] This poor boy is confused. We're just simple refugees.
Pao: [Pointing to Jet.] This young man wrecked my tea shop, and assaulted my employees!
Customer: It's true, sir. We saw the whole thing. This crazy kid attacked the finest tea maker in the city.
Iroh: [Frontal view. Blushing.] Oh, ho, ho. That's very sweet.
The two Dai Li agents walk up to Jet, who looks at them angrily.
Dai Li agent: Come with us, son.
Jet swings his hook sword at the agent, who catches the sword with his rock gloves. The guard disarms Jet, and both guards pull the boy's arms behind his back, binding his wrists together using their rock gloves' stones. Cut to Jet as the guards drag Jet away toward a wagon designed for holding captured criminals.
Jet: You don't understand! They're Fire Nation! You have to believe me!
The crowd begins to disperse. Cut to Jet in the wagon, on his knees, as he looks up as the doors are shut. The people left in the street watch the wagon go away. Longshot and Smellerbee look on, hidden within the crowd, and silently walk out of sight.
Cut to the palace, where two lines of guards walk into the hall. Eight of them are carrying a curtained palanquin, The Earth King is sitting on the platform. Cut to a shot of the crowd as they marvel in the Earth King's presence. Sokka sneaks through the crowd and attempts to get a better view of the king. Cut to the line of guards as they place the palanquin down and face the guests. Cut to Sokka as he looks over at Aang and points at the king.
Sokka: Aang! The Earth King!
Cut to a shot of Aang, who is entertaining Bosco with waterbending bubbles. Aang notices him and bends an air scooter, whisking down the table.
Aang: Greetings, Your Majesty.
Side-view of three guests pulling their food and drinks off the table before Aang can run over them with his air scooter. Cut back to overhead view of the procession of guards and the Earth King. The platform is carried off while a line of guards walk up to the long dining table. Sokka exits the crowd and tries to follow the king, but two Dai Li agents grab him and begin leading him away, pulling his arms behind his back.
Sokka: Hey, let me go!
Cut to a shot of a Dai Li agent stepping out from a pillar in the hall throws his hands out, causing his rock gloves to fly forward. Cut to Katara and Toph. While Katara is looking away, the gloves of the agent grab Toph and pull her backward, covering her mouth to keep her silent. A second later, another pair of gloves grabs Katara and pulls her back the same way as Toph. Cut to a Dai Li guard standing watch. The camera shifts down to show Momo still hiding under the busboy hat and trying to sneak past, his ear and tail sticking out from under. The agent reaches down and pulls the hat off, with Momo looking up, surprised. Shot cuts back to Aang who has reached the other end of the dining table on his air scooter, knocking over several dishes. He dismounts the scooter and holds his arms up in triumph. Long Feng walks up to Aang from behind the line of guards.
Long Feng: Avatar, it is a great honor to meet you. [He bows.] I am Long Feng, Grand Secretariat of Ba Sing Se and head of the Dai Li. I'd like to talk to you. Your friends will be waiting for us in the library.
Long Feng gestures Aang to follow him, as he goes into the library. Aang hesitates for a moment before hopping off the table and following. Cut to a shot of the library's large double doors shutting. The camera zooms out to show Aang and his friends facing Long Feng, who is sitting in front of a hearth that illuminates the area with a green flame.
Sokka: Why won't you let us talk to the king? We have information that could defeat the Fire Nation!
Long Feng: The Earth King has no time to get involved with political squabbles and the day to day minutia of military activities.
Aang: This could be the most important thing he's ever heard.
The camera shifts behind Aang's party and pans slowly to the right. Long Feng is visibly seated in front of them as the camera passes by each member.
Long Feng: What's most important to his royal majesty is maintaining the cultural heritage of Ba Sing Se. All his duties relate to issuing decrees on such matters. It's my job to oversee the rest of the city's resources, including the military.
Katara: [Frontal view.] So the king is just a figurehead.
Toph: [Angry.] He's your puppet!
Long Feng: [Frontal view.] Oh, no, no. His Majesty is an icon, a god to his people. He can't sully his hands with the hourly change of an endless war.
Sokka: [Side-view of room.] But we found out about a solar eclipse that will leave the Fire Nation defenseless. You could lead an invasion ...
Long Feng: [Stands up, annoyed. Shot changes briefly to a confused Sokka.] Enough! I don't want to hear your ridiculous plan. [Cut back to Long Feng.] It is the strict policy of Ba Sing Se that the War not be mentioned within the walls. [Scene changes as he talks to the two Dai Li agents dragging Jet into a dark room, making him sit on a stone chair.] Constant news of an escalating war will throw the citizens of Ba Sing Se into a state of panic.
Jet: You have to believe me, they're firebenders! They won't stop until they win the War.
Several square stones from their rock gloves circle Jet's head and clamp down on his skull, holding it in place.
Dai Li agent: [Frontal view.] Calm down, you're safe now.
The agent stands in front of Jet, surrounded by a metal track. From behind him appears a small orange lantern attached to the track. It travels around the track and passes the camera, causing a white flash that cuts back to Long Feng.
Long Feng: Our economy would be ruined, our peaceful way of life – our traditions – would disappear.
There is another similar white flash and the scene shifts back to the lamp circling the Dai Li agent.
Dai Li agent: There's no war in Ba Sing Se.
Jet: What're you talking about? [Camera changes to an aerial view zooming out.] Where do you think all the refugees come from? You can't hide it!
Close-up view of Jet as he watches the lamp continues passing by his face. The screen flashes white and cuts back to Long Feng.
Long Feng: In silencing talk of conflict, Ba Sing Se remains a peaceful, orderly utopia: the last one on Earth.
Aang and his friends stare at Long Feng with a mix of shock and horror at this revelation. The screen flashes white again. Cut to a close-up of Jet. A circle of stones covers his mouth, muffling his protests. The lamp passes by his eyes again. Cut to a shot of the Dai Li agent standing within the circular track as the lamp continues revolving.
Dai Li agent: There is no war within the walls. Here we are safe. Here, we are free.
Jet's eyes widen and his protests become silent, and the brainwashing begins to affect him. The screen flashes, and cut to Team Avatar.
Katara: You can't keep the truth from all these people. They have to know.
Aang: [Stepping forward, pointing a finger at Long Feng.] I'll tell them! I'll make sure everyone knows!
Long Feng: [Side-view of room.] Until now, you've been treated as our honored guest. [Cut to side-view of Long Feng and Aang. Long Feng steps forward and bends down to look Aang in the eye. Aang stares back at Long Feng, angrily.] But from now on, you will be watched every moment by Dai Li agents. If you mention the War to anyone, you will be expelled from the city. [He turns around and walks over to the hearth with the green fire.] I understand you've been looking for your bison. [View of Long Feng turning slightly to look at Aang.] It would be quite a shame if you were not able to complete your quest. [Aang appears frightened, but his expression soon changes to that of anger. Cut to an overhead shot of the room. Long Feng sits down, as Joo Dee opens the doors and walks toward the group.] Now, Joo Dee will show you to your home.
Cut to a shot from behind Joo Dee as she faces Aang's party. The group looks at her with surprise.
Joo Dee replacement: Come with me, please.
Katara: [Surprised.] What happened to Joo Dee?
Cut to a shot of Joo Dee's face.
Joo Dee replacement: I'm Joo Dee. [Bows her head.] I'll be your host as long as you're in our wonderful city.
Joo Dee smiles cheerfully at the group in the same artificial way. Fade to credits.