The episode opens to the invasion of the Fire Nation where the moon can be seen gradually moving in front of the sun. Cuts to a shot of the submarines remaining stationery at the shores of the plaza. The camera pans upward, revealing the plaza empty except for Huu, disguised as the swamp monster, and several Foggy Swamp Tribe members.
Cuts to overhead shot of the plaza where the invasion carries on. The Fire Nation armies try to shoot the Earth Kingdom tanks, but they are too powerful. Earth Kingdom soldiers run about and fire boulders to counterattack the Fire Nation. A few earthbenders emerge briefly from within the Earth Kingdom tanks and hurl boulders toward the enemy. Cuts to shot of one soldier commanding catapults to launch smoldering boulders. Several fireballs are launched into the air. One lands forcefully near Sokka and a few troops who are huddled together behind a stationery Earth Kingdom tank, studying a map lying on the ground. Cuts to Sokka cringing at the sound of the explosion. Cuts to shot of Katara coming back with Hakoda, Sokka smiles at this sight.
Sokka: [Brightening.] Dad! [Rising and approaching the two.] You're on your feet again.
Hakoda: [Sitting down; somewhat weakly.] Thanks to your sister. I'm in no shape to fight, but maybe there's some way I can help.
Sokka: Everything's going smoothly and the eclipse hasn't even kicked in yet.
Hakoda: [Katara moves away, sensing something in the distance.] Let's hope our luck holds out. [Noticing her move away.] Katara, you seem distracted. Is something wrong?
Katara: [Quizzically.] Yeah. Is that ... is that Aang?
Sokka: [Shocked.] What? [Cuts to shot of Aang riding in on his glider, dodging several fireballs. He lands in front of the group.] Please tell me you're here because the Fire Lord turned out to be a big wimp and you didn't even need the eclipse to take him down.
Aang: [Katara and Aang kneel with Sokka.] He wasn't home. No one was. The entire palace city is abandoned.
Sokka: [With epiphany; the camera shifts from a side-view of his face to a frontal view.] They knew.
Cuts to overhead shot of the group sitting together in a circle. Aang rubs his fingers along the ground idly.
Aang: [Dismayed.] It's over. The Fire Lord is probably long-gone; far away on some remote island where he'll be safe during the eclipse.
Sokka: [Thoughtfully.] No. My instincts tell me he wouldn't go too far. He would have a secret bunker; somewhere he could go and be safe during the siege but still be close enough to lead his nation.
Toph: If it's an underground secret bunker we're looking for, [Points to herself.] I'm just the girl to find it.
Sokka: [Pulling out mechanism.] The mechanist gave me this timing device. It looks like we've got about ten minutes until the full eclipse. Ten minutes to find the Fire Lord.
Aang: We can still do this. We can still win the day.
Katara: [Worried.] Wait! If they knew we were coming it could all be a trap. [Looks at the others; the camera pans to the right.] Maybe we should use the time we have left to make sure we all get out of here safely.
Hakoda: Everyone who's here today came prepared to risk everything for this mission. They know what's at stake. If there's still a chance and there's still hope, I think they would want Aang to go for it.
Sokka: [To Aang.] What do you think? You're the one that has to face the Fire Lord. Whatever you decide, I'm with you.
Aang: [Rising, turning his back to the group, determined.] I've gotta try.
The scene changes to where Aang, Toph, and Sokka are flying on Appa to the Caldera Volcano in the Fire Nation. Appa lands on the side as the others jump off.
Aang: Do you feel anything down there?
Toph: [Placing her hand on the ground to feel vibrations.] Yep. There are natural tunnels criss-crossing through the inside of the volcano.
Sokka: Anything else? Is there a structure somewhere?
Toph: [Taking her hands and digging her fingers into the surface.] There is something big, dense and made of metal deep in the heart of the volcano.
Sokka: [Raises arms up in the background.] Sounds like a secret bunker to me.
Toph earthbends a hole in the volcano, blowing up a cloud of dust. Sokka follows her into the tunnel.
Aang: [To Appa and Momo.] Stay safe. We'll be back soon.
He enters the tunnel into a dark cavern, with Toph leaning over and surveying the area using seismic sense.
Toph: [Pointing.] This way! That one's a dead end!
Sokka: [Following her.] What would we do without you?
Toph: [Camera view changes to show the group walking past magma channels.] Perish in burning hot magma.
Sokka: [Observing the magma channels; blushing.] Yeah, pretty much.
They arrive at a chamber where magma erupts from several spouts in the ground.
Toph: The tunnel continues on the other side and It leads right to the bunker.
Sokka: We'll have to be fast, but careful.
He begins walking past only for a geyser of magma to erupt, nearly striking him. Aang uses airbending to cool and solidify the gush.
Aang: How is that careful?
Sokka: I was wrong. We need to be fast, careful and lucky.
The three leap and run their way through the chamber, narrowly avoiding magma spouts. They arrive to a rock ledge, completely surrounded by molten lava.
Sokka: There's no floor. It's just a river of lava.
Aang: [Spinning his staff open.] Climb aboard and hold on tight.
Scene changes to where Sokka and Toph, screaming in fear, are clinging to Aang's glider for their life as they ride swiftly over the river of lava. They reach the other side safely and approach a large metal, dome-like structure with a huge door.
Sokka: [Impressed.] That's some door!
Toph: [Walks over to the door and bangs the metal with her fist.] Not a problem.
She uses metalbending, jamming into the door with her elbows, creating cracks in the metal. She steps back several feet, kisses her fingertips and splits the door wide open. Stepping inside the interior, she points in a direction.
Sokka: [Entering the bunker while making some hand movements.] I am so glad we added you to the group!
Back at the invasion, the Fire Nation is beginning to fall back, unsuccessfully trying to deflect the attacks of the invasion force. The Boulder and The Hippo use earthbending to create landslides that collapse several battlements.
Fire Nation Captain: [Witnessing the sun as the moon begins to overshadow it.] Retreat! Everyone move to the secondary defensive position! Retreat!
The Fire Nation soldiers halt their attacks and begin escaping the scene.
Bato: [Standing from the side of an Earth Kingdom tank.] The eclipse is only minutes away. We should be able to make it up to hill by the time it starts and secure the entire palace by the time it's finished.
The troops cheer gruffly and continue on their way to the capital.
Katara: [Stopping with her father.] We can wait here if you want.
Hakoda: [Determined.] No. I wanna press forward with the others.
The two resume walking. The scene changes to Aang, Toph and Sokka running down the tunnels. Qin is coming down the same hallway, whistling. The team, upon seeing him, immediately corners him, prepared to attack.
Qin: [Out of fear.] The Fire Lord's chamber is that way, down the hall, to the left, [Makes climbing motions with his fingers.] and up the stairs, you can't miss it!
Aang: [Suspicious look suddenly becomes friendly.] Thanks!
The trio continues on their way to find the Fire Lord. Qin relaxes himself, does a few double takes, and continues whistling as if nothing happened before walking away. The group continues running; Sokka pulls out his timing device.
Sokka: Only thirty seconds until the total eclipse.
The approach a set of large doors. The camera focuses on a determined Aang.
Aang: I'm ready. I'm ready to face the Fire Lord.
He blasts the doors down with airbending. They step inside where Azula is heard speaking.
Azula: So, you are alive after all. [Aang stares at her in shock.] I had a hunch that you survived. But it doesn't matter. [Proudly.] I've known about the invasion for months.
The entire group looks at the princess in surprise and horror. Meanwhile, Zuko stands before a small metal door, a burning torch surrounding either side of it.
Zuko: [To himself.] I'm ready to face you.
He opens the door, revealing Fire Lord Ozai sitting on the far side of the room, drinking tea. The Fire Lord is surrounded by several Royal Procession guards. He sets his teacup down upon seeing the prince.
Ozai: Prince Zuko? What are you doing here?
The scene switches to outside, showing the moon nearly blocking out the entire sun. Cut to aerial view of the inside of the volcano. Cut to the army marching onward as the eclipse is beginning. The mechanist appears near the troops and addresses the troops.
Mechanist: The eclipse is starting! [Pulls out specialized eyewear and puts it on.] Put on your eclipse glasses!
The warriors stop, prop their weapons into the ground and put on their eclipse glasses. Katara and Hakoda, wearing eclipse glasses, turn to watch the eclipse. The camera zooms out, the eclipse having officially begun. The scene changes to where Zuko is confronting Ozai.
Ozai: Why are you here?
Zuko: I'm here to tell the truth.
Ozai: [Off-camera.] Telling the truth during the middle of an eclipse. [Cuts to shot of him.] This should be interesting.
He sends the guards out of the room. One by one the guards file out, closing the doors behind them.
Zuko: First of all, in Ba Sing Se, it was Azula who took down the Avatar, not me.
Ozai: Why would she lie to me about that?
Zuko: Because the Avatar's not dead. He survived.
Ozai: [Shocked and horrified.] What?
Zuko: In fact, he's probably leading this invasion. He could be on his way here right now.
Ozai: [Rises from his seat and points toward the door.] Get out! Get out of my sight right now if you know what's good for you!
Zuko: That's another thing. I'm not taking orders from you anymore.
Ozai: [Angrily.] You will obey me, or this defiant breath will be your last!
Zuko: [Pulls out his swords.] Think again. I am going to speak my mind, and you are going to listen.
Ozai sits down, dismayed at the turn of events. The scene switches to Aang, Sokka and Toph confronting Azula.
Aang: Where is he? Where's the Fire Lord?
Azula: [Rises from throne.] You mean I'm not good enough for you? [Acts hurt.] You're hurting my feelings.
Sokka: Stop wasting our time and give us the information. [Points sword at her.] You're powerless right now, so you're in no position to refuse.
Toph: [Appears on scene and clenches fist.] And stick to the truth. I'll be able to tell if you're lying.
Azula: [Walking a few steps forward.] Are you sure? I'm a pretty good liar. [Pauses slightly.] I am a four-hundred foot tall purple platypus bear with pink horns and silver wings.
Toph: [Cuts to Toph; short pause.] Okay, you're good, I admit it. [Traps Azula using earthbending.] But you ought to consider telling the truth anyway!
Without warning, the earth trap crumbles and breaks, leaving the trio surprised.
Azula: [Brushing off dust.] When I left Ba Sing Se I brought home some souvenirs: Dai Li agents!
Two Dai Li agents descend into the room. Aang sends an air swipe at them with his glider; however, the agents quickly conjure up an earth wall that blocks the attack. Cut to a view of the inside of the volcano. Cuts to Bato reaching the rim of the volcano, followed by the rest of the army.
Bato: Surround the periphery! [Raises spear.] We have to secure the palace by the time the eclipse is over! Otherwise, we'll be in for the fight of our lives.
Troops from the invasion force incur several Fire Nation soldiers.
Tyro: Stop! Surrender peacefully and we won't harm you.
Fire Nation soldier: We'll never surrender! [Makes frenzied motions and tries to firebend, but cannot.] Okay, we surrender. [Fire Nation soldiers back down.]
Hakoda approaches the rim of the volcano, leaning on his daughter's shoulders.
Hakoda: [Happily.] There it is: the Fire Nation Royal Palace. We've come so far.
Katara: [Doubtful.] It's not over yet.
The scene changes to where Zuko is confronting Ozai.
Zuko: For so long, all I wanted was for you to love me, to accept me. I thought it was my honor I wanted, but really, I was just trying to please you. You, my father, who banished me just for talking out of turn. [Points a broadsword at his father.] My father, who challenged me, a thirteen-year-old boy, to an Agni Kai. [Cuts to shot of Ozai, looking angered.] How could you possibly justify a duel with a child?
Ozai: [Scornful.] It was to teach you respect!
Zuko: It was cruel! And it was wrong.
Ozai: [Angrily.] Then you have learned nothing!
Zuko: No, I've learned everything! And I've had to learn it on my own! Growing up, we were taught that the Fire Nation was the greatest civilization in history. And somehow, the War was our way of sharing our greatness with the rest of the world. What an amazing lie that was. The people of the world are terrified by the Fire Nation. They don't see our greatness. They hate us! And we deserve it! [Camera view shows top profile of Zuko and Ozai through an overhead grate.] We've created an era of fear in the world. And if we don't want the world to destroy itself [Cuts to shot of Zuko.], we need to replace it with an era of peace and kindness.
Ozai: [Laughs.] Your uncle has gotten to you, hasn't he?
Zuko: Yes. [Smiles proudly.] He has.
Ozai only grows more furious. The scene changes to where Team Avatar is fighting Azula and her Dai Li agents. Aang bursts through the stone wall the agents had created and the team runs toward the Fire Nation princess. A stone column erupts from the surface, which Aang manages to dodge. Toph bends two stone slabs sending the agents toward the two sidewalls of the room. The agents each land on one sidewall and send two earth pillars straight at Toph, who conjures two earth walls to block their attacks. She proceeds to send a stream of earth at Azula, who nimbly back-flips onto the throne after being pushed back by the stream. She smirks as she lands.
Aang races toward her, an agent following close behind. He looks up to catch sight of the agent rocketing along a wall. The agent lands before him and builds up an earth wall which Aang breaks through. He sends an air blast at Azula, who manages to slip away as the blast destroys the throne. Aang attempts the knock her down by sending an air swipe, however, Azula avoids his attack, acutely leaping and flipping between two metal beams. She lands on the ground deftly and continues running away.
The camera focuses on the princess as she leaps from one metal beam to the other. Aang sends another air swipe at her only to miss her yet again. Azula slides down a stone pillar created earlier by a Dai Li agent. She flips onto one of the stone walls Toph conjured up to protect herself before and jumps onto the other one before landing on the ground again. She begins running toward a stone wall. A Dai Li agent slides down a stone column to the floor where he launches Azula into the air by bending an earth pillar below her feet. The camera cuts to Sokka, as he climbs his way through the hole in the stone wall. Played out in slow-motion, Azula is seen leaping through the wall, hovering mere inches over Sokka's face, smiling evilly at him as she passes. She lands onto the ground and begins running again.
Cuts to Sokka, who dodges again to avoid a Dai Li agent, Aang and Toph who each leap through the hole, one after the other. Sokka lands to the ground and follows the group. Cuts to where Aang and Toph are running side by side.
Aang: [While running.] I can't pin her down! She's too quick!
Azula races through a door, entering a tunnel. A Dai Li agent follows close behind, earthbending a stone wall to block the entranceway. He proceeds to run after the princess. Aang bursts the wall and chases them. The Dai Li agent is suddenly pushed over by a stone column that jutted out from the side of tunnel's wall. A hole appears and Toph emerges from it. The agent lands into a crevice of a nearby metal beam and prepares to attack Toph only for the blind earthbender to destroy his rock gloves and metalbend the grooves of the beam together, trapping him. She and Aang continue chasing Azula. Sokka quickly runs up to them.
Sokka: [Stops running.] Wait! Aang! Toph! Stop attacking! Don't you see what she's doing? She's just playing with us. She's not even trying to win this fight!
Azula: [Calmly.] Not true. I'm giving it my all.
Toph: [Angrily.] You're trying to keep us here and waste all our time!
Azula: [Sarcastically.] Um, right, I think your friend just said that, genius. And since you can't see, I should tell you I'm rolling my eyes. [Rolls her eyes in disgust.]
Toph: [Angrily.] I'll roll your whole head!
Sokka: She's just baiting you again.
Aang: Okay, so what do we do, just ignore her?
Sokka: We don't have a choice. We just have to get out of here and find the Fire Lord on our own somehow.
The trio turns to leave, walking toward the opposite end of the tunnel.
Azula: [Coolly.] It's a trap. Don't say I didn't warn you.
Aang and Toph stop walking and turn to look at the princess, both appearing hesitant. Sokka continues to walk forward.
Sokka: [Waves hand up in gesture.] Ignore!
Azula: [Craftily.] So, Sokka's your name, right? My favorite prisoner used to mention you all the time. [Sokka stops walking and casts Azula a suspicious glance.] She was convinced you were going to come rescue her. Of course you never came, and she gave up on you.
Sokka sheds a few tears before charging at Azula in blind rage. The princess stands perfectly still.
Azula: [Evilly to herself.] Come and get it.
With a quick motion of her left hand, she reveals a hidden dagger, prepared to strike Sokka when he comes within range. Toph senses the weapon and pins Azula's hand to the tunnel wall by sending a rock aimed at her wrist. Sokka grabs her by the shoulder, coming face-to-face with her.
Sokka: Where. Is. Suki?!
The scene changes to Zuko and Ozai.
Zuko: After I leave here today, I'm gonna free Uncle Iroh from his prison and I'm gonna beg for his forgiveness. [Cuts to shot of Ozai.] He's the one who's been a real father to me.
Ozai: [Laughs.] Oh, that's just beautiful. And maybe he can pass down to you the ways of tea and failure.
Zuko: But I've come to an even more important decision. [Closes eyes and momentarily pauses.] I'm going to join the Avatar and I'm going to help him defeat you.
Ozai: [Smugly.] Really? Since you're a full-blown traitor now and you want me gone, why wait? I'm powerless. You've got your swords. Why don't you just do it now?
Zuko: Because I know my own destiny. Taking you down is the Avatar's destiny. [Puts his swords away.] Goodbye.
Ozai: [Camera focuses on Zuko walking away, the Fire Lord in the background, now on his feet.] Coward! You think you're brave enough to face me, but you'll only do it during the eclipse. If you have any real courage, you'll stick around until the sun comes out. Don't you want to know what happened to your mother?
Zuko abruptly stops and turns to face his father. Ozai smiles. The camera cuts to a shot of outside where the solar eclipse continues. Cut back to Zuko confronting Ozai.
Zuko: What happened that night?
Ozai: My father, Fire Lord Azulon, had commanded me to do the unthinkable to you, my own son, and I was going to do it. [Cuts to side-view of Zuko.] Your mother found out and swore she would protect you at any cost. [Camera focuses on Ozai.] She knew I wanted the throne and she proposed a plan, a plan in which I would become Fire Lord and your life would be spared.
Cuts to a close-up shot of Sokka, who narrows his eyes, angrily interrogating Azula.
Sokka: Where's Suki? Answer me!
Aang: [Grabs Sokka's shoulder as camera pans slightly to the right.] Sokka, she won't talk.
Sokka: [Ignores him.] Where are you keeping her?
The camera focuses on Azula, who grins smugly, keeping her lips sealed. The shot fades to Ozai who continues his account of the night Ursa disappeared.
Ozai: Your mother did vicious, treasonous things that night. She knew the consequences and accepted them. For her treason, she was banished.
Zuko: [Grows teary-eyed.] So she's alive?
Ozai: [Calmly.] Perhaps. Now I realize that banishment is far too merciful a penalty for treason. [Ozai closes his eyes. Shot fades to outside where the solar eclipse begins to end.] Your penalty will be far steeper.
Fade briefly to show the eclipse ending. Fade to Ozai as he opens his eyes and, in split seconds, generates lightning, firing the bolt at Zuko. Zuko slides back several feet from the impact of the bolt, yet manages to redirect it, sending it back to right in front of his father. The resulting explosion causes the Fire Lord to slam into the back wall, where he falls over and raises his head, his face distorted in rage as flames from the lightning attack surround him. The flag behind him falls and the camera cuts to a shot of the room, revealing that Zuko had made his escape. The scene changes to Team Avatar.
Azula: Oh, sounds like the firebending's back on.
She kicks her leg in a wide arc, sending a fire blast that nearly strikes Sokka. Sokka takes several steps back as he narrowly avoids Azula's attacks. She back-flips onto the tunnel wall and uses firebending to break free from Toph's earth cuffs. She flips forward, extending her leg forward, nearly striking Aang, who manages to dodge the incoming danger.
Azula: [Rises and smirks.] Dad's all the way at the end of the hall then down a secret stairway on the left. I'm sure he'd be more than happy to see you now.
She runs away, leaving the trio dismayed.
Sokka: [Ashamed.] I fell for it! I used up all our time.
Toph: It's not your fault, Sokka. Azula was ready for us. She had every move planned out.
Sokka: [Sorrowfully.] And now it's too late.
Aang: Maybe it's not too late. The eclipse is over. But I can face the Fire Lord anyway.
Sokka: [Matter-of-factly.] No. I don't think that's a good idea.
Aang: But I'm ready! I came here with a job to do and everyone's counting on me.
Toph: The Fire Lord knew we were coming this time. We thought we had surprise on our side but we didn't. It just wasn't our day. What we need to do now is go and help our friends.
Aang: [Disappointed.] I guess you guys are right.
Sokka: [Placing a hand on Aang's shoulder.] You'll have another chance. I know you will.
The scene changes to outside where the Invasion force has ceased their attacks. Katara leans Hakoda against an Earth Kingdom tank.
Bato: What should we do, Hakoda? Shouldn't something have happened by now?
Hakoda: I don't know. [Katara crosses her arms in scorn.] But now that the eclipse is over, I expect we're going to see some firebenders any minute.
Bato looks up and suddenly becomes alarmed. The camera zooms out to Katara, who looks behind her in the same direction. Cuts to the top of the Royal Palace, where several war balloons rise into the air. Cuts to view of the entire palace, the battlefield where dozens of soldiers stand and where the war balloons continue to rise. Cuts to close-up of the balloons, Fire Nation soldiers fueling them with firebending.
Mechanist: [Off-camera.] My own invention. [Cuts to shot of him.] Oh, this is terrible!
Teo lays a hand on his father's shoulder to comfort him. Cuts to front shot of a war balloon, a much larger contraption rising behind it. Cuts to shot of the entire battlefield, showing the balloons and five airships rising into the air. Katara turns and points to the sky.
Katara: They're back!
Cut to Appa groaning as he flies in, Toph, Aang, Sokka, and Momo with him. Cuts to Aang looking at the airships. Shows shot of him and Sokka looking very dismayed at the turn of events. Cuts to an airship; camera pans to the right to reveal it entirely. Cuts to Katara running up to Appa who lands. Aang looks at her with a saddened look on his face as the camera pans to Sokka and Toph in the saddle.
Sokka: [Getting off Appa.] It was all a trap! Azula knew we were coming and she's plotted out every move! [Toph gets off, too.] We've just got to get to the beach as fast as we can. [Hakoda approaches.] If we can make it to the submarines, maybe we can get away safely.
Aang: They've got air power, but so do I! [Cut to Aang as he opens his glider.] I'm gonna do what I can to slow them down. [He tosses his glider into the air and takes off, Momo following close behind.]
Katara: Appa, you and I can help too. [Mounts Appa and follows Aang.]
Shows front view of the airship fleet, Aang flying straight toward it, Katara coming up close behind. Cuts back to Sokka and the invasion force.
Sokka: Everyone, let's get back to the subs! [Begins running.]
Cuts back to Aang flying on his glider and Katara flying on Appa. Aang approaches a war balloon. One of the soldiers operating it sees him and fires at him. Aang twists around, dodging several fireballs. Cuts to side-view of him; he closes his glider and soars straight through the balloon, cutting through it. The balloon begins falling as it loses air. Katara approaches another balloon, swiveling around once and slicing it clean through with waterbending. The top portion of the balloon drifts upward while the rest falls downward. Cuts to where the team keeps heading toward the fleet, avoiding fireballs at every turn. Appa's armor is struck with fireballs several times; he grunts. Katara uses water shields to deflect the blasts.
Katara: We can't keep them all back! There's too many of them!
Aang: Let's join the others! [Dodges another fireball.]
Cuts to shot of the capital as they fly away. The scene changes to the capital city prison; camera pans downward to the ground where Zuko is seen running toward the building. Inside, he runs down a hallway past a guard, who crouches in fear as he passes. He arrives at the entrance to his uncle's prison cell.
Zuko: Uncle! [Zuko sees a big hole in Iroh's cell and sees Warden Poon on the ground; grabs a dazed Poon by the collar.] Where is my uncle?
Warden Poon: [Bewildered and terrified.] He's gone. He busted himself out. I've never seen anything like it, he was like a one-man army!
Zuko lets go of Poon and leaves. At the invasion, the team is navigating their way down the sides of the volcano. Cuts to view of the underside of an airship; a hatch at the bottom opens.
Sokka: Try and find cover! I think we're about to see some bombs!
Aang, Katara, and Appa are seen approaching in the distance. Toph bends a ceiling of earth overhead. Cuts to undersides of the airships as they release bombs. Cuts to overhead view of the invasion force as the bombs rain down and detonate. One bomb lands very near the earth ceiling, causing it to start crumbling. Toph props it up by bending two earth columns to support it. Cuts to view of the earthbending tanks, the soldiers being shaken about by the activity. The airships pass over. The team runs out from under the ceiling. Cuts to view of the Royal Plaza, the airships flying past.
Katara: Why aren't they turning around to attack us again?
Aang: [Thoughtfully.] They're heading for the beach ... [Alarmed.] They're gonna destroy the submarines!
Sokka: [Hopelessly.] How are we all going to escape?
Hakoda: [Approaching, helped by Bato.] We're not.
Sokka: [Looks determined.] Then our only choice is to stand and fight. We have the Avatar, we could still win.
Hakoda: Yes, with the Avatar we could still win. On another day. You kids have to leave. You have to escape on Appa together.
Katara: [Surprised.] What? [Grabs Hakoda.] We can't leave you behind! [Looks at the rest of the invasion force.] We won't leave anyone behind!
Hakoda: You're our only chance in the long run. You and Sokka have to go with Aang somewhere safe. [Katara looks back at Aang and Sokka sorrowfully.] It's the only way to keep hope alive.
Bato: The youngest of our group should go with you. The adults will stay behind and surrender. We'll be prisoners, but we'll all survive this battle.
Tyro: [Approaching the two.] I've got some experience with the Fire Nation prisons. It's not going to be easy, but we'll get by.
Sokka: [Turning, alarmed.] They're at the beach already!
Cuts to the Royal Plaza, the shadows of the airships seen moving along the ground. Camera pans upward to the shore. Cuts to view of the swamp monster, airships flying directly overhead. Tho and Due attempt to deflect the bombs with waterbending; they manage to destroy some. The swamp monster grabs several more and tosses them away. One bomb, however, lands inside the seaweed figure and detonates. Steaming piles of seaweed land onto the ground. Huu, along with Tho and Due, emerge from the mess, defeated. Five bombs are released onto each of the submarines, destroying all five of them. The team looks on in disappointment. Sokka closes his eyes resentfully.
Mechanist: [Rising on an earth column along with Toph and helps son mount Appa.] Bye, son. [Hugs Teo.]
Teo: Bye, Dad. I'm really proud of you.
The mechanist looks up at Teo as the earth column is lowered by Toph.
The Duke: [Struggling to mount Appa.] I'll miss you, Pipsqueak.
Pipsqueak: [Propping The Duke onto the saddle.] Take care, The Duke.
Haru: [Hugs his father.] We'll be back for you, Dad.
Tyro: If we don't escape on our own first.
Haru bows respectfully to Tyro.
Hakoda: [Hands on both Sokka and Katara's shoulders.] We lost today, but we've never been this close. [Kneels down to face his two children.] We tasted victory, and that counts for something.
Katara: We'll miss you, Dad. [The two hug him.]
Sokka: Bye, Dad. We won't be apart for too long this time. I promise.
Cuts to shot of Hakoda embracing his children; he closes his eyes. Cuts to shot of Aang, sitting on Appa's head, tears streaming down his face. Katara approaches him, puts a hand around his shoulders and smiles at him proudly. Aang wipes away his tears and rises to face the invasion force.
Aang: Thank you all for being so brave and so strong. I'm gonna make this up to you.
The team turns to leave on Appa. Appa moans and takes off as the team looks back sadly at those remaining. Cut to a view of those remaining watching them leave. Meanwhile, on a Fire Nation airship.
Fire Nation soldier: Should we follow them, princess?
Azula: No, they're too fast. It doesn't matter. They'll be back. [Smiles evilly.]
Aang: [Looking at the airship in the distance then looks ahead.] I know just the place for us to go where we'll be safe for a while. The Western Air Temple!
Appa flies away in the distance. A war balloon approaches from behind. Cuts to Zuko, a determined look on his face as he follows them. Fades to credits.