The episode opens to a cloudy sky, looking toward the ground. The point of view switches to one above the clouds as they pass by. A messenger hawk floats into view, emitting a cry. When Appa overshadows the bear and roars, it shrieks again and stoops down, swiveling out of view. The camera shifts to a side-view of Appa soaring along with Aang, Katara and Sokka in his saddle.
Katara: [Voice-over; somewhat dreamily.] Those clouds look so soft, [Cut to Aang sitting lazily atop Appa's head, a twig in his mouth; the view pans to the left, showing Sokka carving something with an uninterested look on his face, Katara lying on her stomach, popped up on her elbows, staring dreamingly over the rim of Appa's saddle, and Momo sleeping on the luggage.] don't they? Like you could just jump down and you'd land in a big, soft, cottony heap?
Sokka: [Turns to Katara; mockingly with a smile.] Maybe you should give it a try.
Katara: [Looks at Sokka with annoyance; sarcastically as she looks away from him.] You're hilarious.
Aang: [Frontal shot; excitedly.] I'll try it! [Carrying his staff, he jumps off Appa with a big smile on his face. As he begins to fall, he turns once around his axis, winking at the camera as he passes. He falls down spreadeagled, laughing joyously.] Yeah!
Cut to a side-view of Appa's saddle as Katara and Sokka pop their heads over the rim, looking down in the direction Aang went. Cut to an upward looking shot following Aang falling down, still smiling broadly. As he passes the camera, it tilts down, following him as he vanishes in a cloud. Cut back to the siblings; Katara looks somewhat worried, while Sokka gazes wide-eyed at the point where Aang vanished. When he leans over to search the sky, Aang comes back up from behind them on his glider. The siblings turn around as they hear the snapping noise of Aang's glider being closed, and they watch how the airbender plops down on the saddle, his legs spread apart and a big smile on his face. Cut to a side-view of an unimpressed looking Sokka, before switching back to a frontal shot of Aang who is dripping wet.
Aang: [Looking at himself.] Turns out, clouds are made of water.
He breaths in deeply and slams his balled, right fist against his stretched left hand, creating an expanding air ball around him in the process, drying himself off. As Aang leans back to rest on both his hands, he contently looks at Momo, whose fur got all fluffed by Aang's airbending. Cut to a side-view of Sokka, who is still looking at Aang unimpressed. Katara glances at her brother, but her attention is drawn to something over his shoulder.
Katara: Hey, what is that?
Sokka looks over his right shoulder in the direction Katara is looking as well. Katara gets up and walks to the front of Appa's saddle. Cut to a shot of the landscape in front of them, a large, dark patch of burned land standing out among the lush green of the forest. Cut to a frontal view of the trio now all looking over the front rim of Appa's saddle, surprised looks on their faces.
Sokka: [Camera zooms in.] It's like a scar ...
The scene fades to a ground view of the scorched forest. The camera pans to the right, showing many burned trees, and Team Avatar standing in the middle of a gray, barren patch.
Sokka: [Voice-over.] Listen. [Cut to a frontal shot of a sad-looking Aang, his friends behind him.] It's so quiet. There's no life anywhere.
Katara: Aang? Are you okay?
Sokka: [Noticing footprints; angrily.] Fire Nation! Those evil savages make me sick! They have no respect for -
Katara: Shhh!
Sokka: [Whispering angrily.] What? I'm not allowed to be angry?
Katara points to Aang with a somewhat concerned look on her face as he slumps over, downcast at the sight.
Aang: [Kneels down and sighs. He picks up some ash as it slowly seeps through his hand and drops to the ground; sadly.] Why would anyone do this? How could I let this happen?
Katara: Aang, you didn't let this happen. It has nothing to do with you.
Aang: [Sadly.] Yes, it does. It's the Avatar's job to protect nature. But I don't know how to do my job.
Katara: That's why we're going to the North Pole. [Smiling softly.] To find you a teacher.
Aang: Yeah. A waterbending teacher. But there's no one who can teach me how to be the Avatar. Monk Gyatso said that Avatar Roku would help me.
Sokka: The Avatar before you? He died over a hundred years ago; how are you supposed to talk to him?
Aang: I don't know. [Momo comes up to Aang and settles in his lap.]
In another area, Zuko comes looking for Iroh.
Zuko: Uncle! It's time to leave! Where are you? Uncle Iroh!
Iroh: [Relaxing in a hot spring.] Over here!
Zuko: Uncle? We need to move on. We're closing in on the Avatar's trail and I don't want to lose him.
Iroh: You look tired, Prince Zuko. Why don't you join me in these hot springs and soak away your troubles?
Zuko: My troubles cannot be soaked away. It's time to go!
Iroh: You should take your teacher's advice and relax a little. The temperature's just right. I heated it myself. [He breathes steam through his nose.]
Zuko: Enough! We need to leave now. Get out of the water!
Iroh: Very well! [He gets up, exposing himself.]
Zuko: [Shielding his eyes.] On second thought, why don't you take another few minutes? But be back at the ship in a half-hour or I'm leaving without you!
Iroh sighs as he slumps back into the water.
The scene returns to the forest.
Katara: [Approaches Aang.] Hey, Aang! You ready to be cheered up?
Aang: [Sadly.] No. [An acorn is thrown at him.] Ow! Hey, how is that cheering me up?
Sokka: [Chuckles.] Cheered me up. [An acorn gets thrown at him.] Ow. Yeah, I probably deserved that.
Katara: These acorns are everywhere, Aang. That means the forest will grow back! Every one of these will be a tall oak tree someday, and all the birds and animals that lived here will come back. [She places the acorn in his hand and closes it.]
Aang: Thanks, Katara.
Katara smiles at him before gasping at the sight of an old man approaching.
Sokka: Hey, who are you?
Kay-fon: When I saw the flying bison, I thought it was impossible! [Approaches Aang.] But, those markings ... are you the Avatar, child? [Aang look to Katara, who nods. He nods himself.] My village desperately needs your help!
The scene cuts to them at Senlin Village at sunset. The village has been partially destroyed. The wanderer leads them into the center building.
Kay-fon: This young person is the Avatar!
Senlin Village leader: So, the rumors of your return are true! It is the greatest honor of a lifetime to be in your presence.
Aang: Nice to meet you too! So ... is there something I can help you with?
Senlin Village leader: I'm not sure ...
Kay-fon: Our village is in crisis, he's our only hope! [To Aang.] For the last few days at sunset, a spirit monster comes and attacks our village. He is Hei Bai, the black and white spirit.
Sokka: Why is it attacking you?
Senlin Village leader: We do not know, but each of the last three nights, he has abducted one of our own. We are especially fearful because the winter solstice draws near.
Katara: What happens then?
Kay-fon: As the solstice approaches, the natural world and the Spirit World grow closer and closer until the line between them is blurred completely.
Senlin Village leader: Hei Bai is already causing devastation and destruction. Once the solstice is here, there's no telling what will happen.
Aang: So, what do you want me to do, exactly?
Kay-fon: Who better to resolve a crisis between our world and the Spirit World than the Avatar himself? You are the great bridge between man and spirits.
Aang: Right ... that's me.
Katara: Hey great bridge guy, could I talk to you over here for a second? [She leads him toward a window.] Aang, you seem a little unsure about all of this.
Aang: Yeah, that might be because I don't know anything at all about the Spirit World. It's not like there's someone to teach me this stuff!
Katara: So ... can you help these people?
Aang: I have to try, don't I? Maybe whatever I have to do will just ... come to me. [Momo lands on his shoulder.]
Katara: [With a kind and reassuring smile.] I think you can do it, Aang.
Sokka: [With a similar expression.] Yeah. [Brief pause.] We're all going to get eaten by a spirit monster.
Cut back to the hot spring. A sleeping Iroh is awoken by nearby stirring in the trees.
Iroh: Who's there? [He sees a rat-like animal.] A meadow vole! I should have known. [He takes the creature into the palm of his hand.] You startled me, little one. [Sighs.] It seems I dozed off and missed my nephew's deadline, but it was a very sweet nap.
The meadow vole leaps up and down. This is followed by shaking and the ground moving toward Iroh. Suddenly, the rock at the bottom of the spring jumps up, capturing him. Three Earth Kingdom soldiers surround him.
Soldier: [Picks up Iroh's clothes.] He's a Fire Nation soldier.
Earthbender captain: He's no ordinary soldier. This is the Fire Lord's brother, the Dragon of the West. The once-great General Iroh, but now, he's our prisoner.
Iroh gives the captain a stern look.
Cut back to Senlin, near sunset. Aang steps outside the center building and awaits the Hei Bai.
Aang: [Walking toward the village entrance.] Hello, Spirit? Can you hear me? This is the Avatar speaking. I'm here to try to help stuff.
Cut to the building interior. Sokka and Katara watch.
Sokka: This isn't right. We can't sit here and cower while Aang waits for some monster to show up.
Kay-fon: If anyone can save us, he can.
Sokka: He still shouldn't have to face this alone.
The sun sets and night falls. Cut back to Aang.
Aang: The sun has set. Where are you, Hei Bai? Well ... spirit ... uhhh ... I hereby ask you to please leave this village in peace. [He spins his staff and sticks it down, in apparent authority.] Okay ... well ... I guess that's settled, then.
He walks away. Behind him, however, the Hei Bai fades into the real world. He walks right behind Aang, who turns to see him.
Aang: You must be the Hei Bai spirit. My name is–
The spirit releases a burst of energy at him. It moves past him.
Aang: My name's Aang! I'm the Avatar and I would like to help. Hey, wait up! [Hei Bai wreaks havoc, smashing buildings and destroying a tower with energy.] Uhhh ...
Senlin Village leader: The Avatar's methods are ... unusual.
Sokka: It doesn't seem too interested in what he's saying. Maybe we should go help him.
Kay-fon: No. Only the Avatar stands a chance against the Hei Bai.
Katara: Aang will figure out the right thing to do, Sokka. [Closes her eyes in satisfaction.]
Hei Bai smashes another building.
Aang: Please, would you stop destroying things and listen? I'm trying to do my job as spirit bridge! Excuse me, would you please turn around? [Shouts.] I command you to turn around now!
The spirit hits Aang and sends him flying to the roof of another building, and Aang grunts.
Sokka: That's it. He needs help. [Exits the building.]
Katara: Sokka, wait! [Starts to follow him.]
Senlin Village leader: [Stops her.] It's not safe!
Sokka: Hei Bai, over here! [He throws his boomerang at him, but it barely affects the monster. He runs toward it.]
Aang: Sokka, go back!
Sokka: We'll fight him together, Aang.
Aang: I don't want to fight him unless I– [Sokka is taken by the Hei Bai, and the spirit flees. Aang chases it.]
Katara: [Running to the village entrance.] Sokka! [The villagers go the entrance as well. Katara is left standing fearful.]
Back near the hot spring. Two soldiers and Zuko look for Iroh.
Zuko: Uncle! Uncle, where are you?
Fire Nation Soldier: Sir, maybe he thought you left without him.
Zuko: Something's not right here. That pile of rocks.
Fire Nation Soldier: It looks like there's been a landslide, sir.
Zuko: Land doesn't slide uphill. Those rocks didn't move naturally. [Stands up straight.] My uncle's been captured by earthbenders!
Back to the forest. Aang continues to pursue the Hei Bai, looking for Sokka.
Sokka: Aang! Over here! Help!
Aang: Hang on, Sokka!
Aang pulls out his hand, trying to free Sokka. Sokka grunts, trying to reach him. However, before he can grab him, the spirit fades away, taking Sokka with it. Aang shouts and falls in front of a bear-like statue, knocked out.
A couple of hours later, Aang awakens.
Aang: Sokka! [He realizes Sokka is nowhere to be seen.] I failed.
The next scene cuts back to the soldiers who captured Iroh. They are riding ostrich horses. One soldier carries a torch with him for light.
Iroh: Where are you taking me?
Earthbender captain: We're taking you to face justice.
Iroh: Right, but where, specifically?
Earthbender captain: A place you're quite familiar with, actually. You once laid siege to it for 600 days, but it would not yield to you.
Iroh: Ah, the great city of Ba Sing Se.
Earthbender captain: It was greater than you were, apparently.
Iroh: I acknowledge my defeat at Ba Sing Se. After 600 days away from home, my men were tired, and I was tired. [Yawns.] And I'm still tired.
He falls off one of the horses. He is quickly picked back up. However, he leaves one of his sandals behind and smiles cunningly.
Cut back to Senlin Village. Katara awaits at the village entrance for Sokka and Aang. The Kay-fon approaches her.
Kay-fon: I'm sure they'll be back.
Katara: I know.
Kay-fon: [Places a blanket around her.] You should get some rest.
Katara: Everything's going to be okay ... [She turns her blanket.]
Kay-fon: Your brother is in good hands. I would be shocked if the Avatar returned without him. [As he is speaking, Aang approaches.]
Aang: Katara? Katara, I lost him.
The sun rises.
Kay-fon: The sun is rising. Perhaps he will return soon.
Aang: [His appearance is blue.] What? No, I'm right here! [He waves his hand in the Wanderer's face, only to notice his own appearance.] I'm in the Spirit World!
Cut back to the forest. Zuko comes up on Iroh's sandal.
Zuko: [Sniffs and gets a disgusted look.] Yeah, that's Uncle Iroh. [He re-mounts his rhino.]
Back at the Village.
Aang: I'll figure this out, Katara. I promise. Like they said, I'm the bridge between the worlds, right? All I have to do is ... figure out what I have to do. But once I do that, no problem. [Appa approaches.] Appa! Hey buddy, I'm right here! [He breathes on Katara.] But, I guess you can't see me either.
Katara: It's okay, Appa, don't worry. I'm sure they're on their way back. I bet they even found you a bunch of moon peaches for a treat. [The two return the village.]
Aang: What am I supposed to do? Avatar Roku, how can I talk to you? [He turns his head in disappointment, when he hears something.] Sokka? [He notices a dragon coming toward him.] That's definitely not Sokka. [He tries to fly away but cannot. He notices his airbending is not working at all.] What? I can't airbend in the Spirit World. [The dragon lands just before him.] You don't know where Sokka is, do you? [The dragon touches him. He sees a vision of Roku flying on this dragon.] You're Avatar Roku's animal guide! Like Appa is to me! I need to save my friend and I don't know how! Is there some way for me to talk to Roku? [The dragon curls around him, and he gets on him.] I'll be back, Katara. [It gets up.] Take me to Roku! [The dragon flies away.]
Cut to a mountain where the earthbenders are leading Iroh through. Iroh looks at the skies and notices the dragon and Aang. He gasps in wonder.
Earthbender captain: What's the problem?
Iroh: Nothing. [Pauses.] Actually, there is a bit of a problem. My old joints are sore and aching, and these shackles are too loose.
Earthbender captain: Too loose?
Iroh: That's right. The cuffs move and jangle around and bump my wrists. It would help me if you tighten them so they wouldn't shake around so much.
Earthbender captain: Very well. Corporal, tighten the prisoner's handcuffs.
They all stop. The corporal dismounts and moves to Iroh. As he touches his handcuffs, Iroh breathes deeply and heats them up. He pushes the corporal's hand to the cuffs, causing him to scream in pain. Iroh jumps free and blasts fire at the soldiers. He rolls down the hill as the soldiers try to get control of their ostrich horses.
Cut back to Aang and Fang. Fang takes him to a temple on an unknown island. He flies into the temple and toward the roof.
Aang: Hey, what are you doing? [He screams, but they fly right through the roof and into a mysterious room. Within is a celestial calendar and a statue of Roku.] I don't understand, this is just a statue of Roku. [Fang presses one of his feelers to Aang's forehead. A vision of a comet appears to him.] Is that what Roku wants to talk to me about? A comet? When can I talk to him? [Fang moves his head, allowing a light beam to appear. This is just to the right of Roku's statue. With another feeler press, he sees a vision of the sun setting and rising repeatedly, and the light closing in on Roku.] It's a calendar, and the light will reach Roku on the solstice! So, that's when I'll be able to speak to Roku? [The dragon breathes an apparent yes.] But I can't wait that long! I need to save Sokka now! [The dragon takes Aang from the temple.]
Cut back to Iroh rolling down the hill. One of the soldiers hits him with a rockslide. All of the soldiers chase after him, reaching him at the bottom of the hill.
Soldier: He's too dangerous, Captain! We just can't just carry him to the Capital! We have to do something now!
Earthbender captain: I agree. He must be dealt with immediately and severely.
Iroh spits a rock out.
Meanwhile, Katara is flying on Appa over the forest.
Katara: It's no use, Appa. I don't seem them anywhere. Our best hope is to go back to the village and wait. [She re-directs Appa to the village's direction.]
While following the ostrich horse footprints, Zuko notices Appa.
Zuko: The Avatar!
He turns slightly, but looks back at the footprints, debating whether he should save his uncle or follow Appa.
Cut to Fang, who takes Aang back to the statue at high speed. Aang notices his body is there and also prepares for impact.
Aang: Whoa!
He tries to shield himself, bracing the collision. Suddenly, Fang disappears into the statue and Aang is returned to his body. He looks scours the area and jumps down from the statue. There he stares at the statue he was returned to, before opening his glider and flying back to the village.
Cut to the village, sunset. Katara stands outside the center building and notices Aang's return. Aang lands and Katara runs to him.
Katara: You're back! [She embraces Aang.] Where's Sokka?
Aang: I'm not sure ...
The evening gives way to night.
Back to Iroh, who is surrounded by the soldiers.
Earthbender captain: These dangerous hands must be crushed. [He brings up a boulder and prepares to drop it. However, Zuko jumps in and kicks the rock away before breaking Iroh's chain with his boot.]
Iroh: Excellent form, Prince Zuko.
Zuko: You taught me well.
Earthbender captain: Surrender yourselves. It's five against two. You're clearly outnumbered.
Iroh: Yeah, that's true, but you are clearly outmatched.
The solders fire rocks, but Iroh destroys them with the chains. Zuko takes out two soldiers with fire. A rock is fired at him, but Iroh catches it and throws it back at the soldiers, knocking them down. The captain fires three rocks at Zuko, which he dodges. Zuko counters with fire blasts that are dodged. The captain brings up a large mass of rock, however, Iroh throws his chains around his ankles, knocking him and causing the rocks to fall on top of him. The soldiers are heard groaning underneath the rocks.
Zuko: Now would you please put on some clothes?
Cut back to Senlin. Aang awaits at the entrance for the Hei Bai. After some time, he gives up and returns to the center building. Just as he exits, however, the spirit appears to his left. He throws up an air shield to stop its attack.
Katara: Aang, what are you doing?! Run!
The spirit prepares to resume its attack when Aang jumps in front of it. He feels its forehead and notices that a panda lurks below it.
Aang: You're the spirit of this forest! Now I understand. You're upset and angry because your home was burned down. When I saw the forest had burned, I was sad and upset, but my friend gave me hope that the forest would grow back. [He shows it the acorn and leaves it at his feet. The spirit picks it up and reverts to the panda form. It walks away peacefully. As it exits, a series of branches grow, and three villagers and Sokka emerge from it.]
Katara: Sokka! [She runs to him and embraces him, while other villagers embrace their loved ones.]
Sokka: What happened?
Katara: You were trapped in the Spirit World for 24 hours! How are you feeling?
Sokka: Like I seriously need to use the bathroom. [Sokka waddles away, displaying a nauseated look. She gives him an unsure gaze.]
Senlin Village leader: Thank you, Avatar. If only there were a way to repay you for what you've done.
Sokka: You could give us some supplies, and some money.
Katara: Sokka!
Sokka: What? We need stuff.
Senlin Village leader: It would be an honor to help you prepare for your journey.
Katara: I'm so proud of you, Aang. You figured out what to do, all on your own.
Aang: Actually, I did have a little help and there's something else.
Sokka: What is it?
Aang: I need to talk to Roku and I think I found a way to contact his spirit.
Katara: That's great!
Sokka: Creepy, but great.
Aang: There's a temple on a crescent-shaped island and if I go there on the solstice, I'll be able to speak with him.
Katara: But the solstice is tomorrow!
Aang: Yeah, and there's one more problem. The island is in the Fire Nation.
The siblings grow fearful. The shot slowly moves up to the moon over the hills.
Fade to credits.