The episode opens, depicting a clear, starry night sky, the camera panning downwards to the open sea where Zuko's ship sails through the water. Cut to shot of inside Zuko's bedroom, the camera panning to the right to portray the entirety of the room. Zuko is seen meditating in his cabin, his back to the camera. The glow of the four candles situated on a table steadily increases and decreases in time with the prince's relaxed inhalations and exhalations. Cut to frontal shot of Zuko sitting peacefully with his eyes closed, the four candles in view, continually brightening and dimming. Cut to side-view shot of Zuko's head, the door to his cabin in view. Iroh cracks open the door and peeks through while Zuko opens his eyes.
Zuko: [Calmly.] The only reason you should be interrupting me, is if you have news about the Avatar.
Iroh: [Pushes open the door completely and enters the room, holding a rolled up scroll in his hands.] Well, there is news, Prince Zuko, but you might not like it. Don't get too upset.
Zuko: [Cut to shot of the prince sitting motionless, still assuming his meditative stance, his back to the camera. Calmly.] Uncle, you taught me that keeping a level head is a sign of a great leader. Now, whatever you have to say, I'm sure I can take it.
Iroh: [Frontal view of Zuko, Iroh tugging his small beard in the background.] Okay then. [Hesitatingly.] We have no idea where he is.
The flames of the candles suddenly erupt in a fiery mass, brushing the ceiling and obscuring Zuko from sight.
Zuko: [Enraged.] What!?
Cut to a wider shot of the room as Zuko rises to his feet, enraged. Iroh shields his face from the flames, and merely withdraws a fan from his robe and begins waving it to cool himself down.
Iroh: You really should open a window in here.
Zuko: [He snatches the scroll from Iroh's hand.] Give me the map! [He unrolls it, scanning over the parchment.]
Iroh: Well, there have been multiple sightings of the Avatar, but he is impossible to track down.
Zuko: [Desperately.] How am I going to find him, Uncle? [Cut to a shot of the map in Zuko's hand, several locations marked down with zigzagged lines connecting each point; Voice-over.] He is clearly a master of evasive maneuvering.
The shot of his map fades to a shot of the team's own map, minus the zigzagged lines, Sokka holding it in his hands. Cut to shot of him pouring over the map and questioning Aang's navigational skills.
Sokka: [To Aang.] You have no idea where you're going, do you?
Cut to shot of the entire group mounted on Appa. The siblings are riding in his saddle while Aang sits atop his head, looking back. Appa's fur seems dirty and disordered.
Aang: Well ... [Happily.] I know it's near water.
Scene cut to overhead view of Appa flying over a vast body of water.
Sokka: [Sarcastically.] I guess we're getting close then.
Cut to shot of Katara, who is preoccupied with sewing a hole in Sokka's pants, Aang glancing over at her from atop Appa's head, Momo perched on his shoulder. He concocts an idea to impress her.
Aang: Momo, marbles please. [Close-up of Momo who dives into his shirt and emerges, handing Aang two small, gray marbles.] Hey Katara, check out this airbending trick!
Using airbending, Aang manages to spin the two marbles quickly along an equatorial plane as he grins happily. Cut to side-view of Aang and Katara, Katara taking no notice and continues to sew.
Katara: [Nonchalantly, still focusing on her task at hand.] That's great, Aang.
Aang: [Disappointed, stops performing the trick.] You didn't even look.
Katara: [Looks over Aang and attempts to show enthusiasm.] That's great!
Aang: [Dismayed.] But I'm not doing it now.
Sokka: [Cut to shot of Katara and Sokka seated on Appa's saddle. Sokka waves his arm breezily at Aang as if he is trying to shoo him away.] Stop bugging her, airhead. You need to give girls space when they do their sewing.
Katara: [Close side-view shot of Katara as she casts her brother an annoyed glare; irritably.] What does me being a girl have to do with sewing?
Sokka: [Cut to a shot of Sokka lazily resting with his arms behind his head.] Simple. Girls are better at fixing pants than guys and guys are better at hunting and fighting and stuff like that. [Cut back to an annoyed Katara.] It's just the natural order of things.
Katara: [Suddenly smiles. Sarcastically.] All done with your pants! [Shows that the pants are still ripped.] And look what a great job I did!
Katara angrily tosses the pants in his direction. Cut to shot of Sokka as the pair of pants hit him in the face, covering it. He quickly scrambles to free himself.
Sokka: [Protesting and pleading.] Wait! I was just kidding. [Sticks one arm through the large hole in his pants.] I can't wear these! Katara, please!
Aang: [Cut to a frontal view of Aang with the duo in the background. Enthusiastically.] Relax, Sokka. Where we're going, you won't need any pants.
Aang yanks Appa's reins to the left, his tongue sticking out of the corner of his mouth. Appa picks up speed as he flies right passed the camera. Cut to an overview shot of an island covered with mountains. Switch to a far off shot of a beach, where Appa has landed and Team Avatar has dismounted.
Sokka: We just made a pit stop yesterday. Shouldn't we get a little more flying done before we camp out?
Katara: [Cut to close frontal view of Aang who is looking at something, his hand held against his brow. The siblings stand in the background.] He's right. At this rate, we won't get to the North Pole until spring.
Aang: [Camera moves back to reveal Appa as well. Innocently.] But Appa's tired, aren't you boy?
Appa does not react at all apart from a mild grunt, which comes across less than convincing.
Aang: [Nudges Appa against his front leg with his elbow.] I said, aren't you boy?
Appa puts slightly more enthusiasm behind his response the second time by grunting louder and opening up his mouth wide as if he was yawning.
Sokka: [Aang smiles over his shoulder at the duo. Sarcastically.] Yeah, that was real convincing.[Somewhat fearfully.] Still, hard to argue with a ten-ton magical monster.
Aang: [Runs toward the shore, takes a sharp breath and points. Excitedly.] Look!
Cut to an overview shot of the bay. Aang is standing on the beach, pointing and looking at the water where an elephant koi jumps out the water and back in, creating a giant splash. Switch to a shot of the two siblings staring in awe at the giant fish. Cut to a view from behind Sokka and Katara with Aang visible between the back of their heads.
Aang: [Excited.] That's why we're here. [Starts to disrobe while more koi fish jump out of the water in the background.] Elephant koi, and I'm gonna ride it. Katara, you've got to watch me!
Cut to a side-view of the coastline as Aang runs up and dives in. As soon as he submerges, he jumps out again.
Aang: Cold!
Switch to Katara and Sokka, still standing on shore, they exchange glances while Appa walks away, clearly taking interest in something else. Sokka makes a circular motion with his left hand around near his left temple, signaling to his sister that he thinks Aang is crazy. Cut back to Aang who is swimming toward the deep waters of the bay where the koi fish are. He dives under and immediately appears again, now holding on to the back fin of one of these giant animals as it jumps out of the water before diving again. Cut back to the siblings. Katara smiles broadly and impressed at the sight of Aang riding the koi fish while Sokka stares at the scene with an uninterested look upon his face and his arms crossed. Cut to a broader view, Sokka and Katara are with their back toward the camera. Momo is jumping excitedly up and down as Aang's koi fish reappears again.
Aang: [Switch to a close-up of Aang atop the fish's back, waving at his friends.] Hahaha, hahaha!
Katara: [Cut to Katara who enthusiastically waves back.] Whooh!
Switch to a frontal view of Aang riding the koi. Two other koi jump out of the water behind him to the left and right. Aang is still laughing loud with excitement as they race through the water. Cut to an overview shot of the bay as the three koi playfully jump out the water before diving. Switch to an underwater shot of Aang and the fish. Cut to a shot of Katara and Sokka on the beach. Momo is still excitedly jumping up and down while Katara addresses her brother who still has his arms crossed.
Katara: [Smiling.] He looks pretty good out there.
Sokka: [Unimpressed.] Are you kidding? [Lazily gestures at Aang in the water.] The fish is doing all the work.
Katara: [Notices something behind Sokka and runs off screen.] No, Appa. Don't eat that! [Appa grunts.]
Switch back to a widely smiling Aang atop the fish, presumably in an attempt to impress Katara. Switches to off the shore from his perspective as Katara runs off inland. Close-up of Aang's disappointed face.
Aang: [Disappointed, the smile having faded off his face.] Oh man ...
Cuts to overhead shot of the water, the backs of the three koi fish in view. Two koi fish suddenly change direction, including Aang's, swerving to the bottom-right of the screen, leaving behind one koi fish that continues to race forward. The camera pans up, the dark shadow of a large body appears beneath the water's surface directly behind the koi fish. Switch to a close shot of Sokka.
Sokka: [Alarmed.] There's something in the water!
Cut to shot of one koi fish as it attempts to leap out of the water only to be pulled back under the surface by something unknown. Cut to a frontal shot of Aang still surfing on the koi fish's back, smiling widely, unaware of the danger. Katara reappears next to her brother again while Momo is screeching in alarm.
Katara: [Worried.] What's wrong?
Sokka: Aang's in trouble. Aang!
Katara: Get out of there!
Cut to Aang who grips the dorsal fin of the fish, his smile having now faded. He looks surprised at the commotion on the shore. Cut to shot of the shore from his perspective, Katara and Sokka motioning for him to exit the water by flailing their arms and calling to him from far away.
Sokka: Get back here, Aang!
Switch back to a shot of Aang, who, believing them to be cheering him on, waves only to suddenly be hurled off the koi fish, into the water when the koi fish is being pulled under.
Aang: [Flailing his arms and legs.] Whaaaahh! Aaaah!
Cut to wide-open shot of the lake, Aang plunging into the water as the koi fish he was mounted atop disappears under the water. Cut to Aang who resurfaces and gasps for breath as the massive dorsal fin of the unknown creature emerges from the surface directly behind him. Cut a wider shot of entire dorsal fin and a shot of Aang who turns around, suddenly alarmed by the sight.
Aang: [Frightened.] Whaaaahh!
Cut to wide-view shot of the lake, the dorsal fin of the creature swerving off to the side as Aang uses airbending to run across the surface of the lake at lightning speed. Cut to a frontal shot of a heavily panting Aang fleeing the scene, his feet treading water, the creature following him in hot pursuit. Cut to overhead shot of the lake, Aang a mere speck in the water, a trail of white foam behind him, the creature gaining on him. Cut to shot of Sokka and Katara standing on the shore. Sokka suddenly grows alarmed as Aang collides straight into him, having reached the shore safely. Cut to shot of the entire lake and shore as the dorsal fin of the creature disappears beneath the surface. Katara runs to where her brother and Aang have come to a halt. Cut to shot of Sokka leaning against a tree trunk, a trail marking where his body slid across the ground. Aang is seen dressing himself as Katara and Momo approach the two.
Katara: What was that thing?
Aang: I don't know.
Sokka: [Stands up and wipes his hands together.] Well, let's not stick around to find out. Time to hit the road.
The camera pans upward to where several female warriors clad in green kimonos descend from the treetops ambushing the trio. The women quickly encircle the group and take them out. Cut to Sokka who is being pulled back and knocked over. Switch to a shot of Katara with Aang in the background. Katara is pulled by her arm. As she leans in to maintain her balance, someone pulls her parka over her head and pulls her down. Aang is distracted by Katara's struggles, giving the opportunity to another female warrior to grab him by his collar. Momo flies up screeching from his shoulder, only to be quickly caught in a bag, only his head still protruding. Cut to a shot of the ground when a bound and blindfolded Momo, Aang, Katara, and Sokka are thrown on the ground in a line, each grunting when they hit the ground. They are surrounded by the female warriors.
Sokka: Or, we could stay a while.
The camera switches to a shot of the beginning of a snowy path. The camera pans up, revealing that the path leads to a village in the distance. Cut to a shot of the back of a man while the scene pans to the left. The man addresses Aang, Sokka, and Katara who are still blindfolded and tied to a large wooden pole. The bagged Momo stands on the ground in front of Aang.
Oyaji: [Voice-over.] You three have some explaining to do.
The camera moves even further to the left, revealing the back of one of the woman dressed in green that ambushed the group earlier.
Suki: [Voice-over.] And if you don't answer all our questions, we're throwing you back in the water with Unagi.
Sokka: [Close-up of the blindfolded Sokka. Challenging.] Show yourselves, cowards!
A gloved hand, the forearm dressed in a leather band with a gold insignia on top of it, removes the blindfold. The scene switches to Sokka's point of view. Five girls in green kimonos and wearing white and red face paint are standing in front of him. Cut to a side-view shot, panning to the right.
Sokka: [Aggressively.] Who are you? Where are the men who ambushed us?
Suki: [Stepping forward, gesturing heavily with her clenched fist. Indignantly.] There were no men. We ambushed you. Now tell us, who are you and what are you doing here?
Sokka: [Closer side-view shot of Sokka who stares at them in disbelief.] Wait a second, [He amusingly glance to his right to where Aang stands as if he is looking for confirmation. Mockingly.] there's no way that a bunch of girls took us down.
Suki: [Grabs Sokka by his collar. Angrily.] A bunch of girls, huh? Unagi is gonna eat well tonight.
Katara: [Leans forward in her bonds. Pleading and apologetically.] No, don't hurt him! He didn't mean it. My brother is just an idiot sometimes. [Suki released Sokka, but still stares at him in dismay.]
Aang: It's my fault. [The three teenagers looks surprised at Aang's words. The camera pans the left to reveal a sorrowfully looking Aang.] I'm sorry we came here. I wanted to ride the elephant koi.
Oyaji: [Cut to a frontal view of Oyaji. Angrily.] How do we know you're not [Points at the bound three.] Fire Nation spies? Kyoshi stayed out of the war so far. And we intend to keep it that way!
Aang: [Cut back to Aang, a brightened expression on his face.] This island is named for Kyoshi? I know Kyoshi!
Oyaji: [Humorless.] Ha! How could you possibly know her?
Switch to Oyaji's point of view as the camera pans up. At the top of the wooden pole stands a statue of a tall woman holding two stretched open fans. She is dressed in a similar outfit as the female warriors that ambushed the group.
Oyaji: Avatar Kyoshi was born here four hundred years ago. [Close-up of the face of the statue. The colors have faded away a bit, but it is still clear that Kyoshi wears the same white face paint, with the red accentuated eyes as the modern Kyoshi Warriors wear.] She's been dead for centuries.
Aang: [Cut to Aang who looks pensive at the statue before looking at the ground in front of him. He speaks in a soft, calm voice while the camera slowly zooms in on him.] I know her because I'm the Avatar.
Cut to a shot of Suki and Oyaji with the other Kyoshi Warriors standing in the background. Oyaji looks shocked at Aang's revelation.
Suki: [Not convinced by Aang's statement. Shaking her fist to emphasize her words.] That's impossible! The last Avatar was an airbender who disappeared a hundred years ago.
Aang: [Cut to Aang and his friend from a point of view between Suki and Oyaji. Aang smiles sheepishly.] That's me!
Oyaji: [Cut to frontal view of Suki and Oyaji who angrily points at Aang while looking at Suki.] Throw the impostor to Unagi!
Suki and the rest of her warriors immediately retract their metal fans from out of their belts and slid them open. Ready to counter any sudden attack, they threateningly start to move forward and surround the bound friends. Cut to a close shot of Katara as she leans forward in the ropes, glancing to her right where Aang is bound to the pole.
Katara: [Nervously.] Aang ... do some airbending.
The camera pans to the left, passing Sokka who is looking at the female warriors, his mouth open in shock and stopping at Aang who looks questioningly at Katara for a moment. Cut to an overview shot of the scene as Aang bends over before pushing himself off the ground. He leaves a large dust cloud as he shoots in the air, stretching out his ropes, using one of the outstretched fans of the statue to snap them in half. Now completely free of his bonds, he tumbles elegantly over the statue.
Spectators: [Talking all at once.] Wow! Did you see that? Airbender!
Aang lands gently on the ground in front of the surprised crowd, his robes still fluttering in the air. Oyaji and the Kyoshi Warriors stare at him in shock. A lot more people have gather around to see what is going on. Unlike the female warriors, Oyaji and the other civilians are dressed in blue.
Oyaji: [In awe.] It's true ... you are the Avatar!
Aang: [Cut to a frontal view of Aang with a serious look on his face, a relieved Sokka and Katara still tied up in the background to his left.] Now ... [He pulls his marbles out from underneath his robes.] check this out!
He performs his trick again, letting the marbles spins around really fast between his hands. Grinning and blinking like a fool, he looks at the crowd, hoping to impress them. Cut to the cheering crowd. A young man in the front starts to emit a high pitched squeal while widely tossing his hands up in the air in admiration. He gets so overexcited that he starts to foam, fall toward the camera, and faints; the rest of the villagers just keep on cheering.
Cut to a side-view of the harbor of Kyoshi island, where one of the village girls runs up a dock toward a fisherman who is fiddling with his basket of fish.
Little girl: [Excited.] Did you hear the news? [The fisherman picks up his basket.] The Avatar's on Kyoshi!
Fisherman: [Due to his utter surprise, he drops his basket.] Huh?
The fisherman picks his basket up again and turns around. The scene fades over to a scene in a street where the fisherman delivers the basket to the fishmonger while passing on the news of the Avatar's whereabouts. The fishmonger turns around and the scene fades away again to another scene where the fishmonger sells one of the fish to a servant, dressed in Fire Nation red. He too passes on the news. When the servant turns around, the scene fades to inside Zuko's ship where the servant is serving the cooked fish at the table of Zuko and Iroh. Cut to a frontal view of Zuko as he quickly stands up.
Zuko: [Yells on a demanding tone.] The Avatar's on Kyoshi Island? [Cut to a frontal shot of Iroh as Zuko addresses him while leaving the room. Iroh looks at Zuko as he walks away.] Uncle, ready the rhinos. He's not getting away from me this time.
Iroh: [Casually points at the smoking fish in front of him.] Are you going to finish that?
Zuko: [Turns around and snatches the plate off the table. Aggressively.] I was going to save it for later!
Zuko leaves the room under the watchful eye of Iroh. As soon as Zuko is out of the screen, Iroh crosses his arms, turns around, and sulks.
The shot switches to a close-up of Kyoshi's statue's wooden face as it is being repainted. The right side of her face is already done and the previous cracks are not visible anymore. The painter carefully reapplies her left eyebrow with black paint. A back view shot of the statue shows the main street of Kyoshi village with houses at both sides and one bigger house at the end of the street. Another villager is cleaning the back of the statue with a broom. The camera pans to the right until the big house becomes the center of the shot before cutting to a shot of Appa who lazily lies on his side, eating hay while two villagers are grooming him. He growls and chews while the camera pans the left and up to focus on three open windows of the main house on the first floor. Cut to a side-view of inside the house where Aang, Katara, and Momo are sitting at a long table. A villager places another dish on the already richly filled table. Aang and Momo are very excited to see the display of decadent desserts in front of it, but Katara supports an uneasy look.
Aang: [Throws his arms in the air while Momo digs in and chitters. Ecstatic.] All right! Dessert for breakfast!
Katara pokes one of the squishy looking, orange puffs with a flat top in front of her. Cut to a frontal view of the two as a doubtful Katara picks up and closely investigates the dessert she just pokes. Aang on the other hand does not share her reluctance and starts stuffing his face, two desserts at once.
Aang: These people sure know [The rest is kind of muffled out because he is cramming his desserts in his mouth.] how to treat an Avatar!
Katara still is not convinced about the deliciousness of the dessert she is holding. Glances at Aang.
Aang: [Impressed.] Mmm ... [Offers one of the desserts he is holding to Katara.] Katara you've got to try these!
Katara: [Puts down the orange dessert, accepts the dessert Aang offers her and takes a bit.] Well, maybe just a bite.
Momo sneaks up to Aang and snatches the dessert out of his other hand and quickly dashes away, who smiles at his pet. He does not let the theft bother him and quickly gabs another dessert in front of him while Katara munches down the piece of cake and reaches across the table for the same dessert Aang just took. Aang glances to his left, over the hunched Katara to Sokka. Momo appears between Aang and Katara and quickly snatches another cupcake from the table before vanishing underneath it.
Aang: Sokka, what's your problem? Eat!
Cut to Sokka who is sitting in a corner, walking with his arms crossed while staring in front of him.
Sokka: Not hungry.
Aang: [Aang leans backward to be able to look past Katara to Sokka; his eyes wide open in surprise.] But you're always hungry!
Cut to a wide shot of the room, Aang in front, Sokka in the back. It is shown that the amount of desserts has dwindled severely.
Katara: [Glancing amusingly at Aang. Slightly mocking.] He's just upset because a bunch of girls kicked his butt yesterday.
Sokka: [Protesting.] They snuck up on me!
Katara: [Mockingly looks at her brother.] Right. And then they kicked your butt.
Cut to a wider shot of the table. Momo is lying underneath the table with his front paws around a bunch a pastries he collected. He is chewing while Sokka angrily stands up in the background.
Sokka: [Indignant.] Sneak attacks don't count! [Walks out of the scene with big strides. Mumbling to himself.] Tie me up with ropes! I'll show them a thing or two. [Comes back to the table to face Katara and Aang. Momo grabs some more pastries that lie around him.] I'm not scared of any girls. [Snatches some of the desert of the table.] Who do they think they are anyway? [He shoves one of the deserts in his mouth and stalks off again.] Mmm ... this is tasty.
Front view of Aang and Katara. In the back villagers are still working on beautifying the statue of Kyoshi. Aang is still holding one of the sweets as he looks at Katara.
Aang: What's he so angry about? [Excited.] It's great here. They're giving us the royal treatment!
Katara: Hey, don't get too comfortable. It's risky for us to stay in one place for very long.
Momo's arm comes into view from underneath the table. He scans the table for new pastries to snatch.
Aang: [Lowers his arm with the pastry and offers it to Momo's grasping paw.] I'm sure we'll be fine. [The lemur feels the desert and quickly snatches it out of Aang's hand.] Besides, did you see how happy I'm making this town? [Aang moves closer to Katara and turns around to look out of the window at the statue.] They're even cleaning up that statue in my honor!
Katara: Well, it's nice to see you excited about being the Avatar. [Slightly concerned.] I just hope it doesn't all go to your head.
Aang: [Reassuring.] Come on, you know me better than that. I'm just a simple monk.
Aang gets up and leans on the window sill so he can look better outside. As soon as he emerges, the villagers scream with delight and admiration for him. Aang looks down in surprise to see where the sound came from. The camera switches to his point of view and reveals a bunch a little girls cheering for him; Koko is among them in the front row. The camera cuts back to Aang who flashes a broad smile at the girls while blushing. Katara is standing behind him with her arms crossed in disapproval. She rolls her eyes and makes a raspberry.
The shot changes to a side-view of a brownish-red bridge over a small creek. Aang quickly runs over it from the right to the left, trailed by four screaming fangirls. They run out of the picture, but Aang quickly comes back and traverses the bridge again, now from left to right. The girls are still following him, screaming loudly with the same amount of enthusiasm. They run out of the picture again, but once again, Aang runs back in. He runs up the bridge, but halts in the middle, looking from left to right as he sees that hordes of fangirls are trapping him on the bridge as they run up from both sides. Before they can reach him, the airbender leaps in the air. Cut to a closer shot of the girls in the middle of the bridge as they are still screaming and reaching for the sky. They gasp for air in admiration when they see that Aang is suspended in the air by clinging to an airball. The ball, however, slowly reduces in size until it vanishes completely. Aang looks scared as he drops down into the crowd of little girl who happily catch him.
Switch to a shot of Aang and Koko standing serene with a waterfall in the background. A painter is measuring their proportions with his brush. Aang and Koko are obscured from sight as the artist raises his canvas and starts painting the outlines of Koko.
Painter: [Muttering to himself.] Hmmm ... Painting the Avatar ... that's easy enough ... [He lowers the canvas and notices that another girl has pulled up next to Aang. Surprised.] Oh, there's another one ... [He obscures his models again from sight by raising his canvas and painting the outlines of the other girl.] Well, I'll make an adjustment here, and ... [He lowers the canvas to see that three more girls have joined Aang.] There's more ... [He obscures the Avatar and his fangirls from sight again with his canvas while he quickly paints Aang.] well that ...
The painter lowers his canvas again and discovers that Aang is now surrounded by sixteen little girls. The camera switches to the annoyed face of the painter. As he stares at his models, his brush drips on his painting. Close shot of Aang and the fangirls as they all push and pull to be as close to Aang as possible. They are all smiling widely and giggling while Aang looks somewhat horrified by all the girls around him. A side-view of the scene shows that some girls are completely leaning on others in order to have a spot on the painting. The painter gets up and walks away without saying a word, while the tower of people crashes under its own weight.
Switch to a shot of Aang and his fangirls back in the village. A frontal shot of the monk shows that he is doing push-ups while Momo is sitting on his back and his fangirls have lined up in a semi-circle behind him. After three push-ups, Aang starts to do one handed push-ups and soon switches to no handed push-ups, but pushing himself up with his airbending. The girls stare at him in admiration. Cut to a wider view as Katara walks past carrying a basket. A look of disapproval dons her face as she keeps on walking without even glancing at the Avatar.
Cut to a shot of a small house surrounded by trees. Sokka walks up to it.
Sokka: [Angrily grunting to himself.] I can't believe I got beat up by a bunch of girls.
Inside the house, six Kyoshi Warriors are training. They are performing a routing with a fan in perfect unison. Sokka peeks his head around the door to look at them. He smiles smugly and enters.
Sokka: [Condescending.] Sorry ladies, [Suki and the other warriors stop their exercise and close their fans. They stare at Sokka with a serious look on their faces.] didn't mean to interrupt your dance lesson. [The camera moves back, revealing that Sokka was stretching.] I was just looking for somewhere to get a little workout?
Suki: [Looks at how Sokka continues his warm up.] Well, you're in the right place. [Cut to a side-view while Sokka is loosening up his hips.] Sorry about yesterday. I didn't know that you were friends with the Avatar.
Sokka: [Stretching his arms.] It's all right. [Mockingly suppressing a laugh while speaking.] I mean, normally I'd hold a grudge, but seeing as you guys are a bunch of girls, I'll make an exception.
Suki: [Sarcastically.] I should hope so. A big strong man like you? We wouldn't stand a chance.
Sokka: [Smugly.] True. But don't feel bad. After all, I'm the best warrior in my village.
Suki: [Keeps using sarcasm without Sokka catching on to it. Leans slightly toward Sokka.] Wow! Best warrior, huh? [Glances back to the other Kyoshi Warriors.] In your whole village? [Looks back to Sokka.] Maybe you'd be kind enough to give us a little demonstration.
Sokka: [Frontal view of Sokka as his eyes widen upon hearing the unexpected request.] Oh ... Well ... I mean ... I ...
Suki: [Turns to the other warriors.] Come on, girls! Wouldn't you like him to show us some moves?
The camera switches position and shows the other female warrior giggling and smiling in agreement. Switch back to a side-view of Sokka and Suki.
Sokka: Well, if that's what you want, I'd be happy to. [He places his hands on Suki's shoulder in order to push her back a little, but she does not move a bit.] All right, you stand over there. Now, this may be a little tough, but try to block me.
While he is talking, Sokka takes on a fighting stance while Suki has not moved a muscle from the position Sokka has put her in. Sokka bends through his knees and attacks the female warrior by trying to punch her. Suki does not move, but easily defends herself by bringing up her left arm and thrusting her closed fan against Sokka's shoulder. His cries out in pain and staggers backward.
Sokka: [Rubbing his hurt right shoulder. Impressed.] Aw! Heh heh ... Good. Of course, I was going easy on you.
Suki: [Close-up of Suki's confident face.] Of course.
Cut to a side-view. Sokka is clearly annoyed and angered by Suki's arrogant facial expression.
Sokka: [He starts with a mumble, raising his tone of voice with each word.] Let's see if you can [Shouting while he attempts to hit Suki with a roundhouse kick.] handle this!
Suki quickly dodges under Sokka's outstretched leg and pushes him off balance. When the Water Tribe warrior lands flat on his back with a loud thud, Suki lazily opens her fans to wave herself some air. Sokka, a little shocked by his second failure, loses his temper at the sight of Suki's defiant posture.
Sokka: [His voice cracking in anger.] That does it!
He gets up and madly charges her again. Suki quickly closes her fan and moves out of Sokka's way. She grabs him by the arm with her right hand, while she pushes against his shoulder with her left hand, quickly spinning him around. After two turns, she switches position and spins Sokka in the other direction. Close-up of Sokka's distressed face as he is powerlessly being tossed around. Switch to a wider shot as Suki suddenly halts Sokka so he topples forward. Before falling down, Suki loosens Sokka's belt and ties his left hand to his right foot behind his back in one swift movement. Sokka tries so maintain his balance for a while by jumping on one leg, but it is not long before he loses footage and smacks down flat on his face.
Suki: [Mockingly.] Anything else you want to teach us?
Sokka blushes in humiliation as the Kyoshi Warriors laugh at him.
Switch to an overview of Kyoshi Village where Aang and his fangirls are standing before Kyoshi's statue. The camera slowly moves toward the group before changing to a bird view of Aang and the girls that are looking up at the statue. One girl to the right of Aang is carrying a passed out Momo.
Aang: There she is, girls. Me in a past life.
Scene switches to a frog view of the statue.
Fangirls: Ooohhh ...
Koko: [Admiringly.] You were pretty!
Aang turns to look at her with a wondering look upon his face. He looks at the rest of his fangirls like he is searching for someone.
Aang: [Holding up a finger to draw their attention.] Excuse me for a second, ladies.
The girls do not say anything, but there cheerful expression changes to one of disappointment.
The scene switches to a frontal view of Katara who filling a pot with groceries. Aang comes up behind her, smiling, and gives her a gentle poke to get her attention.
Katara: [Turns around in surprise, but is happy to see that the poke came from Aang.] Oh, good! Can you help me carry this back to the room? [She moves the pot toward Aang.] It's a little heavy.
Aang: [Holding up his hands to fob off with the offered pot.] Actually, I can't right now.
Katara: [Slightly irritated.] What do you mean, "you can't?"
Aang: I promised the girls I'd give them a ride on Appa. Why don't you come with us? It'll be fun!
Katara: [Resumed filling the pot with more vegetables.] Watching you show off for a bunch of girls does not sound like fun.
Aang: [Disappointed.] Well, neither does carrying your basket.
Katara: [Annoyed.] It's not my basket. These supplies are for our trip. I told you, we have to leave Kyoshi soon.
Aang: [Central focus on Aang.] I don't want to leave Kyoshi yet. I can't put my finger on it, [He puts his hand to his chin in a thinking posture; the camera pans to the right, showing Aang's fangirls better in the background.] but there's something I really like about this place.
The fangirls giggle. Shot switches to a closer shot of the girls.
Koko: [Stomping her foot in annoyance and puts her hands on her hips, while another girl happily waves at Aang; irritated.] What's taking you so long, Aangy?
Cut back to Aang and Katara; the former enthusiastically waves back at his awaiting fangirls, while the latter raises an eyebrow at the scene.
Katara: [Slightly mocking.] Aangy ...
Aang: [Enthusiastically.] Just a second, Koko!
Katara: [Sarcastic.] "Simple monk", huh? [Annoyed.] I thought you promised me that this Avatar stuff wouldn't go to your head.
Aang: It didn't. You know what I think? You just don't want to come because you're jealous.
Katara: [Close-up; angrily.] Jealous? [More high pitched voice.] Of what?
Cut to a broader shot. Aang moves back slightly, when an irritated Katara resumes to ferociously stuff the basket with more fruits.
Aang: Jealous that we're having so much fun without you.
Katara: [Irritated.] That's ridiculous.
Aang: It is a little ridiculous, but I understand.
Katara turns to Aang, towering over him with her hands trust in her sides, like she is about to come down on him, but reconsiders.
Katara: [Turning away; irritated.] Urch!
She grabs the heavy basket and staggers away, while Aang's fangirls run on screen and crowd around him, pulling him backward out of the screen.
Scene switches to Sokka who is standing outside of the Kyoshi Warriors' training hut. He kicks away a rock before turning toward the dojo. Cut to a shot from inside the dojo where Suki shows a movement that is copied by the eight other warriors behind here. Sokka walks in and the Kyoshi Warriors interrupt their training to face him.
Sokka: [Timidly.] Uh ... Hey, Suki.
Suki: [Hostile.] Hoping for another dance lesson?
Sokka: [Cut to a shot of Sokka who does not know how to act.] No ... I ... well, let me explain.
Suki: [Close-up of Suki; hostile.] Spit it out! What do you want?
Sokka: [Sokka looks hurt at Suki's hostility. He humbly drops to his knees in front of her.] I would be honored if you would teach me.
Suki: [Frog view of Suki; hostile.] Even if I'm a girl?
Sokka: [Averting his eyes.] I'm sorry if I insulted you earlier. I was ... wrong.
Suki: [Cut to a side-view of the two; Suki has her arms crossed while looking down upon Sokka.] We normally don't teach outsiders, let alone boys.
Sokka: [Raises his head to face her; pleading.] Please make an exception. [Bowing again.] I won't let you down.
Suki: [Frog view; on a friendlier tone.] All right. But you have to follow all of our traditions.
Sokka: [Close-up; eagerly.] Of course!
Suki: [Smiling.] And I mean all of them.
The episode jumps to a few moments later when Sokka is standing in the dojo donned in the typical green dress of the Kyoshi Warriors and sporting the white face paint.
Sokka: [Embarrassed looking down at his wardrobe.] Do I really have to wear this? It feels a little ... [Lower his arms in defeat.] girly.
Suki: It's a warrior's uniform, you should be proud. [Closeup of Sokka, the camera pans down to reveal the entire uniform close by.] The silk threads symbolize the brave blood that flows through our veins. The gold insignia represents the honor of the warrior's heart.
Cut back to a broader shot, Sokka looking more comfortable wearing "a dress." Aang passes by the front door looking in with interest while Sokka proudly erects himself.
Sokka: [Proudly.] Bravery and honor.
Aang: [Popping in; smiling broadly.] Hey Sokka! [Sokka winces upon hearing his name and slants his eyes and shoulders in embarrassment.] Nice dress!
Suki turns to Aang, who speeds away, and looks back to the embarrassed Sokka with a content and broader smile on her face.
Cut to an outside-view of Aang walking through town. Switch to a close-up of a small cup filled with water. Katara is sitting beside it and moving her left hand over the cup, bending the water inside it. The camera follows the rising of the water and the scene changes to a broader view of the room. Katara is looking concentrated at the water when Aang walks in. She moves the plume of water up and down, right and left.
Aang: [Confidently.] Katara, remember how Unagi almost got me yesterday?
Katara: [Slants up her eyes in annoyance, which Aang can't see while continuing to practice her bending.] Yeah.
Aang: [Bragging.] Well, I'm gonna go ride it now. It's gonna be real dangerous.
Katara: [Still not looking at Aang; disinterested.] Good for you.
Aang: [Surprised.] You're not going to stop me?
Katara: [Still disinterested.] Nope. Have fun.
Aang: [Crossing his arms; defiant.] I will.
Katara: [Growing irritated again.] Great.
Aang: [Annoyed at Katara's lack of interest.] I know it's great.
Katara: [Irritated.] I'm glad you know.
Aang: [Annoyed.] I'm glad you're glad.
Katara: [Angry.] Good! [She loses control over the water and it splashed back into the bowl. Katara balls her fists in annoyance.]
Aang: [Emphasizing his reacting by swinging his hands.] Fine!
Aang angrily turns around to walk out of the door. Before he leaves, however, he already glances back to Katara with a sorrowful expression on his face. Right after he leaves the room, Katara crosses her arms in protection and glances at the door, looking sad as well. She turns her head and raises her eyes in a combination of annoyance and regret.
Cut to a bird view shot of inside the Kyoshi Warriors' training dojo where Sokka is performing some exercises with a fan under the watchful eyes of Suki.
Suki: You're not going to master it in one day. Even I'm not that good.
Sokka: I think I'm starting to get it.
Close-up of Sokka as he performs a series of well executed moves with his fan.
Sokka: Tah!
As a last move, he closes the fan on throws it out of the dojo. The object flies straight into a tree, knocking down some of snow that had gathered on its branches.
Suki: [Peeks her head around the door to look at the hit tree before turning back to Sokka. Friendly.] It's not about strength. Our technique is about using your opponents' force against them. Loosen up. [Retracts her own fan from her belt and points it at Sokka, who takes on a battle position.] Think of the fan as an extension of your arm. [Close-up of Sokka.] Wait for an opening and then ...
Suki charges Sokka, but he manages to evade her attack and uses the momentum of her speed against her, knocking her on her behind, much to her surprise.
Sokka: [Looks surprised, quickly crosses his arms and looks smug.] Hmm ...
Suki: [Quickly gets up; irritated.] I fell on purpose to make you feel better!
Sokka: [Points at Suki, exclaims ecstaticly.] I got you! Admit I got you!
Suki grabs Sokka's pointing finger and twists it, making Sokka twitch and grunt in pain.
Suki: Okay, it was a lucky shot. [Releases the finger while smiling broadly. On a more serious tone.] Let's see if you can do it again.
Camera moves to an overview shot as the two warriors prepare to battle again. Suki opens her fan threateningly and starts to circle around Sokka.
Cut to a back view scene of Aang swimming in the water, while his troop of fangirls can be seen on the shore in the background. Switch to a close shot of the six girls, either sitting or lying on the shore in boredom.
Koko: [Resting her head on her hand. Bored and impatiently.] What's taking so long?
Aang: [Close-up; reassuring.] I'm sure it will be here any second! [Looking for a way to entertain the girls.] What about this?
Aang takes out his marbles and spins them around between his hands with his airbending, smiling hopefully.
Little Girl: [Annoyed.] Not that again. Boring!
Koko: [The girls stand up. Waving her arms to emphasize her question.] Where's Unagi? It's getting late.
Aang: [Waving from the water to the girls. Pleading.] Where're you going? Don't leave!
Koko: [Holds her hands to her mouth to emphasize her yelling.] Sorry, Aang! Maybe next time.
As the girls leave, the camera moves to a close-up of a disappointed Aang. He lowers himself to be partially under the water and starts blowing bubbles. Switch to a shot of the shore, where the last of the girls is leaving, but their place is taken by Katara who just arrived. Aang jumps up from the water and smiles.
Aang: [Happily.] Katara! You showed up!
Katara: [Somewhat concerned.] I wanted to make sure you were safe. You really had me worried.
Aang: Back there you acted like you didn't care.
Katara: [In a regretful voice.] I'm sorry.
Aang: [Lowering his eyes.] Me too. I did let all that attention go to my head. I was being a jerk.
Katara: [Smiling. Puts her hands beside her mouth, yelling in a joking manner.] Well, get out of the water before you catch a cold, you big jerk!
Aang: [Smiling broadly and starts to swing toward the shore.] On my way!
Side-view of Aang swimming to the shore, when suddenly a giant dorsal fin appears from out of the water behind him. Close-up of Katara as her eyes open in shock and she draws a sharp breath in horror. Cut back to Aang, who is, still oblivious to the danger behind him, swimming toward her with a smile on his face. Suddenly Aang is swept away by a wave and lifted out of the water, while he is screaming in panic. He looks around to find himself sitting on the back of Unagi as the monstrous eel erects itself before him, and directs a powerful jet of water to him. Aang withstands the water by holding on to one of the smaller dorsal fins of Unagi. The animal charges Aang and tries to eat him, but Aang narrowly escapes by catching one of Unagi's whiskers. Screaming his lungs out, he dangles from side to side in from of the big green eye of Unagi.
Cut to a shot from inside Unagi's mouth, looking out as Aang comes to a halt right in front of him. The enormous tongue moves from side to side in anticipation of the meal. Cut to a broader shot of the two as Unagi suddenly and violently moves his head in all directions, trying to snatch Aang of his whisker.
Katara: [Worried.] Hang on, Aang!
Close-up of a terrified Aang as he holds on to the whisker for dear life. Unagi tosses him some more from side to side, and Aang finally lets go from the force and speed of the throw. He is thrown through the air, still screaming loudly, and smacks in the water, not so far from where Katara is standing on the shore. He emerges back to the surface, clearly unconscious with his tongue out of his mouth. The camera pans up to show a heavily panting and fully clothed Katara entering the water.
Katara: Aang!
Unagi shrieks and dives under to get to his unconscious prey. Close-up of a worried Katara who is moving toward Aang through the water as fast as she can. The camera switches between shots of a rapidly approaching shadow underneath the water of Unagi, and a heavily panting Katara in her frantic effort to reach Aang before the eel. The moment Katara reaches Aang and takes him into her arm, Unagi emerges right in front of them. In an attempt to get away, Katara violently pushes the water, propelling herself and Aang backward with her waterbending; at the same time, Unagi snatches the water where they were just moments before. Although missing the duo, the impact of Unagi's attack creates a giant wave that slams Katara and Aang back to the rocks on shore. Angered, the animal spews power streams of water to the rocks before submerging again.
Katara: [Carefully peeking over the rock.] Zuko!
Close-up of the fast approaching ship of the banished prince. A side-view shows that the ship reaches shore at the same moment Unagi's large dorsal fin submerges completely underneath the water. Closer shot when the ship's walkway is lowered; a frontal shot of three riders mounted on komodo rhino's, with Zuko in the lead.
Zuko: I want the Avatar alive.
Katara crawls up some rocks to have a better view of the approaching prince and his soldiers. Switch to a scene of the sky that quickly pans down to reveal how Zuko and his man ride past Katara and Aang's hiding place. Katara protectively covers the body of the still unconscious Aang, while worriedly looking up and hearing the riders move past. When she is certain the riders have pass, Katara lays Aang on his back.
Katara: [Worriedly.] Wake up, Aang!
She looks around for a while before starting to move her left hand over his chest, while supporting his head with her right. She moves her hand from his chest to his mouth, and bends out the water he had swallowed.
Aang: [Coughing out the last of the water. In a weak voice.] Katara ... [Katara lovingly smiles at him with relief written all over her face.] don't ride Unagi. Not fun.
Cut to an outside shot of the Kyoshi Warriors' dojo. Inside Suki and Sokka are still training. Momo is hanging by his tail on one of the support beams of the roof. He has a collection of sweets with him which he is eating while watching the duo below him train. The camera moves closer to the duo on the ground, where Suki thrusts her hand, holding the fan forward, only to have it blocked by Sokka.
Suki: [Smiling while impressed.] Not bad.
Sokka smiles back at her with confidence, when suddenly Oyaji appears in the door.
Oyaji: [Sokka and Suki worriedly turn to him. Alarmed.] Firebenders have landed on our shores! [Suki immediately runs to him while he turns to head back to the town.] Girls, come quickly!
Sokka: [Protesting.] Hey, I'm not a ... [Momo jumps on his shoulder and pushes himself off toward the door. Conceding.] oh, whatever!
Sokka runs out of the room.
The camera pans up to show the deserted main street of the village. Zuko and three other soldiers mounted on komodo rhinos are standing at the base of the Kyoshi statue.
Zuko: [Frog view close-up.] Come out, Avatar! [Camera pans from left to right, revealing how several villagers are hiding in the nearby houses.] You can't hide from me forever! [Camera focuses on the four riders while moving away from them over the main street, showing that there is not any movement in the village. Side-view of Zuko.] Find him.
As Zuko gives the command, the camera follows how the other three rhinos move into town. Cut to a shot of a fan being opened on a nearby roof. Cut to a side shot of two rhinos with their riders as one of the Kyoshi Warriors quickly passes them by behind some houses. Cut to a frontal view of the three rhinos, before switching to a shot of the running feet of a Kyoshi Warrior atop a snowy roof. When she pushes herself off, the scene switches to a frog view of the three rhinos and there riders as three Kyoshi Warriors come jumping toward them from atop nearby roofs, knocking off some of the riders. A Kyoshi Warriors lands in front of the lead rhino and opens her fans. The rider stabs at her with his spear. She moves to the right, disarms the rider, and jumps up to knock him off his steed with a spinning kick. Suki can be seen running past in the background.
Cut to a frontal view of a concentrated Suki while she runs toward Zuko. Switch to a back view of Suki, who moves to the left to avoid a fire blast of the prince. She jumps over another blast and tries to attack Zuko from the air, but he turns his rhino. The beast slams Suki away with a might sweep of his tail, knocking her down. Zuko shoots a fire blast at the downed warrior, but right before it would have burned her, Sokka jumps before her and decimates the flames with a sweep of his fan. Sokka prepares to fight Zuko, but before he can do anything, another Kyoshi Warrior jumps of a nearby roof and knocks a surprised Zuko of his rhino; the beast dashes away.
Sokka: I guess training's over.
Sokka glances at Suki before running to the downed prince. Close-up of Zuko angrily opening his eyes. The camera moves back to reveal how Sokka, Suki, and the other Kyoshi Warrior all take on a fighting stance. Zuko pushes himself up and rapidly spins around on his hand while shooting fire out of his feet, knocking the Kyoshi Warrior back into the house and slamming Suki against a wooden pole, where she collapses in pain. Zuko proceeds with a low fire kick in Sokka's direction. The Water Tribe Warrior jumps over the fire, but as soon as he lands again, Zuko sweeps his feet from underneath him. Sokka falls in his back, and Zuko jumps over him to the middle of the street. He angrily looks around. Camera moves back to reveal the completely deserted street.
Zuko: Nice try, Avatar! But these little girls can't save you.
Aang: [Close-up of Zuko.] Hey! Over here!
Zuko turns around. Close-up of a determined Aang standing at the beginning of the main street, holding his staff in front of him like he is challenging the prince.
Zuko: Finally!
Zuko commences by sending two fire balls in Aang's direction. Back view of Aang as he prepares to face the incoming, burning projectiles. He ducks underneath the first and uses his staff to decimate the next fire ball. He rapidly spins the staff over his head, propelling himself in the air. He lands in front of Zuko, who immediately kicks the staff out of his hands. Aang jumps up and lands between two fans of a Kyoshi Warrior that are lying on the ground. He stands up and picks us the fan with his airbending. Close-up of Zuko, who madly charges Aang with his fist already held stretched out before him. Aang spins around a few times to create a bigger momentum and uses the extra power of his swirl to blast Zuko in a nearby house with a strong blast of air. Aang looks sad and lowers the fans. He runs down the main street and picks up his staff along the way. Aang tosses the object in the air, where it snaps open into his glider and jumps on. A close-up of a saddened Aang, switches to the scene he is seeing: a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them. Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more.
Cut to an overview shot of Katara as she is leading Koko and another village girl into a house.
Katara: Get inside.
Aang lands and Katara turns to face him as he walks over to her.
Aang: [Sorrowful.] Look what I brought to this place.
Katara: It's not your fault.
Aang: [Close-up. Upset.] Yes, it is. These people got their town destroyed trying to protect me.
Camera turns to Katara. Five little girls can be seen behind her in the house. Koko stands in the doorway holding Momo, whole the girl next to her peeks around the door frame with a worried look upon her face.
Katara: Then let's get out of here. Zuko will leave Kyoshi to follow us. I know it feels wrong to run, but I think it's the only way.
Aang: [Sad.] I'll call Appa.
Cut to a Kyoshi Warrior who deflects a fire blast with her fan, and retaliates by throwing her other closed fan to the firebender. With a load clung, the object makes contact with the bender's helmet, knocking him on his behind. The camera moves backward through an ally. Two retreating Warriors can be soon, deflecting fire balls left and right, before the camera pans to the left, revealing Sokka and Suki squatting behind a house.
Suki: There's no time to say goodbye.
Sokka: What about, "I'm sorry?"
Suki: [Surprised.] For what?
Sokka: [Close-up. Regretful.] I treated you like a girl when I should've treated you like a warrior.
Suki: [Side-view.] I am a warrior. [She leans over and kisses Sokka on the cheek, before continuing again. A surprised Sokka touches his cheek where Suki just kissed him.] But I'm a girl, too. [Cut to shot of Sokka who blushes; cut to Suki who stands in the alleyway, her fan slid open to fight.] Now get out of here! We'll hold them off.
Sokka stands up and runs to Appa who was lying ready a few meters further. Both Momo and Sokka run up Appa's tale.
Aang: [Pulling the reins.] Appa, yip yip!
Appa groans and takes off. A frog view shows how the bison flies over the burning buildings.
Zuko: Back to the ship! Don't lose sight of them!
Zuko and his men turn and run toward the coast where their ship is docked.
Cut to shot of the group flying away on Appa. Katara and Sokka are in the saddle, Aang on his head, and the burning village of Kyoshi is behind them.
Katara: [Peeking over the rim of the saddle to address a saddened Aang. Sokka is wiping of the face paint with his sleeve.] I know it's hard, but you did the right thing. [Gesturing toward the town.] Zuko would have destroyed the whole place if we had stayed. [Comforting.] They're going to be okay, Aang.
Aang looks up with a determined look on his face. The camera zooms in on him, when he suddenly jumps off Appa, the camera following his free fall.
Katara: [Shocked; off-camera.] What are you doing?
Cut to shot of the surface of the ocean as Aang plunges into the water. Switches back to a shot of Katara and Sokka, his face cleaned of the warrior make-up, peering over the edge of the saddle, wide-eyed in chock. Momo peeks over the rim as well beside Katara. Cut back to a shot of the surface, where a few ripples reveal the nearing emerging of something. The water bubbles and suddenly Unagi shoots out of the water with Aang on top of his head, holding his whiskers. After swaying about a few times, he sturdies himself atop Unagi's head and pulls the creature's barbels. Unagi opens its mouth wide and begins gushing water which rains over the town. Cut to shot of the village houses as the fires are put out by the rain. Cut to shot of a drenched Zuko and his men mounted on the rhinos, Zuko looking humiliated and his men looking surprised. Unagi ceases to gush water and launches Aang into the air, who is subsequently caught by an overflying Appa.
Cut to shot of Oyaji viewing the spectacle from a building, his back to the camera. Switch to a frontal shot.
Oyaji: [Gratefully smiling.] Thank you, Avatar.
Aang: [Side-view of Aang mounting Appa's saddle.] I know, I know. That was stupid and dangerous.
Katara: [Smiling as Aang sits down.] Yes, it was.
Cut to Aang whom Katara suddenly hugs. Aang smiles and inhales deeply before sighing and closing his eyes, happily. Cut to shot of the ocean, Unagi disappearing below the surface of the water.
Fade to credits.