A horrible sound is heard, which turns out to be Squidward playing his clarinet until the doorbell rings. Dr. Gill Gilliam is at the door with a paramedic.
Dr. Gill Gilliam says: "Yeah, uhh, we're with the pet hospital down the street and I understand that you have a dying animal on the premises."
Squidward slams the door shut. The phone starts to ring.
Squidward says: "Hello."
Squidward says: "You've reached the house of unrecognized talent."
Squidward says: "Please start after the..."
Squilliam says: "Sounds like you've got a dying animal to attend to, eh, ol' chum?"
Squidward says: "Squilliam Fancyson from band class?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Squilliam says: "I hear you're playing the cash register now."
Squidward says: "Sometimes."
Squidward says: "Uh, how's the unibrow?"
Squilliam says: "It's big and valuable."
Squilliam says: "I'm the leader of a big fancy band now, and we're supposed to play the Bubble Bowl next week."
Squidward says: "The ba-ba-ba..."
Squidward says: "The ba-ba-ba..."
Squidward says: "The ba-ba-ba?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Squidward says: "?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Squilliam says: "That's right."
Squilliam says: "I'm living your dreams, Squidward."
Squilliam says: "The problem is, I'm busy next week and can't make it."
Squilliam says: "So, I was hoping you and your band could cover for us."
Squidward says: "Ohh, uhh, I..."
Squidward says: "I, uhh..."
Squilliam says: "I knew it!"
Squilliam says: "You don't even have a band!"
Squilliam says: "Well, I'll just let you get back to the service industry now."
Squidward says: "Hold it!"
Squidward says: "It just so happens that I don't sell fast food, I do have a band, and we're gonna play that Bubble Bowl!"
Squidward says: "How do you like that, Fancy Boy?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Squilliam says: "Good luck next Tuesday."
Squilliam says: "I hope the audience brings lots of..."
Squilliam says: "ibuprofen!"
Squilliam and Squidward hang up the phones.
Squidward says: "I gotta drum up a marching band fast!"
Squidward says: "Drum..."
Squidward says: "haha..."
Squidward says: "band humor."
In the following lines, Sandy, Plankton, Mrs. Puff, Mr. Krabs, and Larry are reading from a poster. Each are in different locations.
Sandy says: "Looking to add fulfillment to your dull, dull life?"
Plankton says: "Then become part of the greatest musical sensation to ever hit Bikini Bottom."
Mrs. Puff says: "And be forever adored by thousands of people you don't know."
Mr. Krabs says: "Not to mention free refreshments."
Larry says: "Practice begins tonight."
Larry says: "8:30 sharp."
Squidward looks at his watch while driving a shell cart.
Squidward says: "Stupid music rental clerk made me late."
Squidward says: "That trilobite didn't know an oboe from an elbow."
Squidward says: "Elbow, heh, more band humor."
The scene cuts to inside the room, where everyone is there.
All says: "Blah, blah, blah, blah..."
Squidward says: "People, people, settle down!"
Squidward says: "Okay, now."
Squidward says: "How many of you have played musical instruments before?"
Plankton says: "Do instruments of torture count?"
Squidward says: "No."
Patrick says: "Is mayonnaise an instrument?"
Squidward says: "No, Patrick, mayonnaise is not an instrument."
Squidward says: "That's fine."
Squidward says: "No one has any experience."
Squidward says: "Fortunately, I have enough talent for all of you."
Squidward laughs. Everyone stays silent.
Mr. Krabs says: "When do we get the free food?"
Squidward says: "Okay, try to repeat after me."
Squidward says: "Let's just try stepping in the rhythm."
Squidward says: "Now I want everyone to stand in straight rows of five."
SpongeBob says: "Is this the part where we start kicking?"
Squidward says: "No, SpongeBob, that's a chorus line."
Patrick says: "Kicking?"
Patrick says: "I wanna do some kicking!"
Sandy says: "Ow!"
Sandy says: "Why, you..."
Sandy says: "!"
Sandy says: "Why I oughta..."
Sandy says: "!"
Patrick says: "Aaaaaah-ho-ho-ho-ho-aaah!"
Patrick says: "Whoever is the owner of the white sedan, you left your lights on."
Patrick walks in and it is revealed that Sandy has stuck his body in a trombone. Trombone notes are heard as he walks towards his seat. As he sits down, he makes a sound on his trombone. Makes a loud trombone noise as he opens his mouth. Stares at himself.
Narrator says: "Day two."
The scene shows the band walking down a street playing Semper Fidelis, badly.
Squidward says: "Okay, that's perfect, everybody."
Squidward says: "Bubble Bowl, here we come."
Squidward says: "Flag twirlers, really spin those things."
Squidward says: "Okay, turn."
Squidward says: "Flag twirlers, let's go."
Squidward says: "I wanna see some spinning."
Squidward says: "Flag twirlers, let's move!"
Squidward says: "C'mon, move!"
The flag twirlers spin so hard that they take off into the sky and crash into a blimp, which causes an explosion. Nat plays Taps while everyone mourns, except Squidward, who just lies down on the ground and curls into a fetal position.
Narrator says: "Day three."
Squidward says: "How's that harmonica solo coming, Plankton?"
Plankton says: "It's tremendous, you wanna see?"
Plankton plays the harmonica by running to and from the holes quickly, but soon runs out of breath; on his way to the last hole he blows an unsuccessful last raspberry into the harmonica and faints.
Narrator says: "Day four."
Squidward says: "Well, this is our last night together before the show."
Squidward says: "And I know that you haven't improved since we began..."
Squidward says: "..."
Squidward says: "but I have a theory."
Squidward says: "People talk loud when they wanna act smart, right?"
Plankton says: "Correct!"
Squidward says: "So, if we play loud, people might think we're good."
Squidward says: "Everybody ready?"
Squidward says: "And a one, and a two, and a one, two, three, four!"
Squidward says: "Okay, new theory."
Squidward says: "Maybe we should play so quietly, no one can hear us."
Harold says: "Well, maybe we wouldn't sound so bad if some people didn't try to play with big, meaty claws!"
Mr. Krabs says: "What did you say, punk?!"
Mr. Krabs says: "!"
Harold says: "Big..."
Harold says: "meaty..."
Harold says: "claws!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Well, these claws ain't for just attractin' mates!"
Harold says: "Bring it on, old man!"
Harold says: "Bring it on!"
SpongeBob says: "No, people."
SpongeBob says: "Let's be smart and bring it off."
Nancy says: "Oh, so now the talking cheese is gonna preach to us."
Squidward says: "Wait, wait."
Squidward says: "I know tensions are high..."
Squidward says: "Settle down, please!"
Sandy and Frank are fighting. Sandy breaks the xylophone keys from Frank and Frank runs away. Patrick kicks Sandy, who growls at him before producing a trumpet with an evil grin. Patrick realizes what's coming and runs away screaming as Sandy chases him with the trumpet. The scene cuts to the clock which shows it being 10 o'clock and everyone stops fighting.
Fred says: "Hey, class is over."
The band members walk to the door where Squidward slams it open.
Squidward says: "Well, you did it."
Squidward says: "You took my one chance in happiness..."
Squidward says: "and crushed it!"
Squidward says: "Crushed it into little, tiny, bite-size pieces."
Squidward says: "I really had expected better of you people."
Squidward says: "I guess I'm a loser for that, too."
Squidward says: "Don't bother showing up tomorrow."
Squidward says: "I'll just tell them you all died in a marching accident."
Squidward says: "So, thanks."
Patrick says: "You're welcome."
SpongeBob says: "What kind of monsters are we?"
SpongeBob says: "That poor creature came to us in his hour of need, and we failed him."
SpongeBob says: "Squidward's always been there for us when it was convenient for him."
SpongeBob says: "Evelyn, when your little Jimmy was trapped in a fire, who rescued him?"
Evelyn says: "A fireman."
SpongeBob says: "And Larry, when your heart gave out from all those tanning pills, who revived you?"
Larry says: "Some guy in an ambulance."
SpongeBob says: "Right."
SpongeBob says: "So, if we can all just pretend that Squidward was a fireman, or some guy in an ambulance, then I'm sure that we can all pull together and discover what it truly means to be in a marching band."
Harold says: "Yeah, for the fireman!"
All says: "Hooray!"
SpongeBob says: "Now let's make Squidward proud."
SpongeBob says: "A 1, a 2, a skiddly diddly doo."
The scene cuts to the Bubble Bowl.
Squidward says: "I knew this was gonna happen."
Squidward says: "They're just gonna have to find another band to play."
Squidward says: "I just hope that..."
Squidward says: "What are you doing here?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Squilliam says: "I just wanna watch you blow it."
Squilliam says: "So, where's your band?"
Squidward says: "Uh, they couldn't come."
Squidward says: "They..."
Squidward says: "died."
Squilliam says: "Then who's that?"
Squidward says: "That would be my band!"
SpongeBob says: "We're ready to perform, Squidward."
Squilliam says: "Well, Squiddy, this is exactly how I pictured your band would look."
SpongeBob dances.
Squidward says: "That's his..."
Squidward says: "eager face."
Squilliam laughs while they all go into the Bubble Bowl.
Squidward says: "I guess this will be the last time I can show my face in this town."
SpongeBob says: "That's the spirit, Squidward!"
The bowl raises above a football field.
Football Announcer says: "Okay, football fans."
Football Announcer says: "Put your hands together for the Bikini Bottom Super Band!"
A crowd of live-action people cheering is shown.
Patrick says: "These are some ugly looking fish."
SpongeBob says: "Maybe we're in one of those toxic waste dumps."
Mr. Krabs says: "I think I'm gonna be sick."
Squidward says: "Let's get this over with."
Squidward says: "1, 2, 3, 4..."
The band starts to play a wonderful intro. Squidward opens his eyes, shocked. SpongeBob begins singing.
SpongeBob says: "♪And it's sweet, sweet, sweet victory, yeah."
SpongeBob says: "And the one who's last to fall."
SpongeBob says: "We'll have sweet, sweet victory..."
Squidward jumps up and the scene freezes. It then fades to black, ending the episode.