Mr. Krabs kicks a mom and her son out of the Krusty Krab.
Mr. Krabs says: "And good riddance!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Next time, you should read the sign about our mandatory side of fries policy!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Lookie, another flat-eyed, bushy-tailed customer!"
Gus says: "But, I don't want to—"
Mr. Krabs says: "—"
Mr. Krabs says: "stop spending money here?"
Mr. Krabs says: "Well, don't worry, I'm certainly not going to keep you from doing what you want."
Mr. Krabs says: "Give him a Krabby Patty with the works!"
Gus says: "I'm not hungry."
Mr. Krabs says: "Oh, that's funny."
Mr. Krabs says: "I'll think about that one while you buy a kelp soda."
SpongeBob says: "Mr."
SpongeBob says: "Krabs, you're a—"
Mr. Krabs says: "—"
Mr. Krabs says: "genius?"
Mr. Krabs says: "Perhaps."
Mr. Krabs says: "Or maybe I'm just a little off."
Mr. Krabs walks away.
SpongeBob says: "Wow, if only I was a little off."
Mr. Krabs walks by the fish and into his office.
Gus says: "Are you gonna let me out of here?"
In his office, Mr. Krabs trips on a loose floorboard. He uncovers it to reveal the message-in-a-bottle Krabby Patty Secret Formula.
Mr. Krabs says: "Me formula!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Darn these flimsy nails!"
Mr. Krabs says: "How am I supposed to hide me formula with this nonsense?"
Mr. Krabs says: "Ah, well."
Mr. Krabs says: "It's the life I choose to live."
He nails the floorboard back down, and Plankton watches from his enormous telescope that goes out the Chum Bucket and into the Krusty Krab through the chimney.
Plankton says: "Did you see that?"
Karen says: "Yeah, Krabs hides his formula under the floor, so what?"
Plankton says: "So, everything, that means I know where it is!"
Karen says: "Doesn't mean you can get to it."
Plankton says: "Ugh, what kind of wife..."
Plankton says: "?"
Plankton says: "We'll just see about that."
Cut to Plankton using a giant mining drill powered by him on a stationary bicycle. Karen is on a screen on the inside.
Plankton says: "I knew this baby would come in handy."
Karen says: "Uh-huh."
Plankton says: "Turn on the navigation system, honey!"
Plankton says: "Let's get this show on the road!"
Karen says: "Dig 50 meters, then turn right."
He does so, digging straight down and then turning at a 90-degree angle.
Plankton says: "Heh, heh, heh, at this rate, we'll have the formula before you can say..."
The machine is stopped by a giant boulder.
Plankton says: "Barnacles!"
Plankton says: "Now what?"
Karen says: "It appears that we've stumbled into a mishap."
Karen says: "Now, we're stuck between a rock and a hard place..."
Karen says: "literally."
Plankton says: "Well, let's just dig deeper and go around it!"
Karen says: "Uh, the only problem with that is..."
Plankton says: "Shh!"
Plankton says: "Can't you see I'm concentrating?"
Karen says: "Well, right before you started "making your own decisions", I was about to say we were digging right above an underground cave!"
Plankton says: "The majesty!"
Plankton says: "I've never seen such beauty."
Karen says: "Sob, sob, cry, sob..."
Plankton says: "It's just a shame no one else can see it!"
Karen says: "Sob."
Karen says: "Plankton!"
Karen says: "I think I know how to push Krabs out of business—"
Karen says: "we'll lure customers underground with this gorgeous scenery."
Plankton says: "Karen, please!"
Plankton says: "I'm trying to process my emotions!"
Plankton says: "..."
Plankton says: "Karen!"
Plankton says: "I think I know how to push Krabs out of business—"
Plankton says: "we'll lure customers underground with this gorgeous scenery!"
Karen says: "Ugh..."
Plankton says: "Man, I'm good!"
Susie says: "Hurry up, Mom!"
Susie says: "I wanna see the Chum Caverns before the line gets too long!"
Abigail-Marge says: "Never you mind, Susie, it's already too late for that!"
A long line forms in front of a bucket-shaped elevator operated by a high-tech pulley system in front of the Chum Bucket. The pulley is attached to the index finger of the purple glove that holds the top of the Chum Bucket, and is pointing down towards Chum Caverns. The elevator opens, people crowd in, it closes again, and it lowers them down to Chum Caverns. In Chum Caverns, there are tables like the ones at the Chum Bucket all around an eating area, divided off by the river, and a great view of the waterfall. A menu and intestine-shaped tube comes from the ceiling and hovers above the ordering counter, placed between the eating area and the river. One of the cave creatures squirts chum onto a tray for Harold shark from the big tube and snarls.
Harold says: "You know, this stuff is hideously inedible, but the decor is so amazing, I can't resist spending my money here!"
SpongeBob says: "2 orders of Chum Nuggets, please!"
SpongeBob says: "That certainly is chum!"
SpongeBob says: "And such steamy chumminess deserves recompense!"
Plankton says: "Oh, I'll take that!"
Plankton says: "But seriously, this is getting really heavy."
Falls under the weight of all his money. Patrick sits at a table with 2 Chum Sticks and slides the chum off the stick with his teeth when SpongeBob joins him.
SpongeBob says: "Patrick, isn't this place amazing?"
Patrick says: "Oh, I almost forgot!"
Patrick says: "Here's your Chum Kabob!"
SpongeBob says: "Um, I guess you don't come down here for the food, anyways."
SpongeBob says: "You come down for the subterranean splendor of the Chum Caverns!"
Patrick says: "That, and the gift shop."
SpongeBob says: "Oh, that's right, Patrick!"
SpongeBob says: "The gift shop!"
SpongeBob says: "Yeah, baby!"
SpongeBob says: "I've got cavern fever!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Where have you been, and what is that ridiculous thing on your head?"
SpongeBob says: "It's a "stalagmiter," available exclusively at the Chum Caverns Gift Shop."
Mr. Krabs says: "How dare you spend all the money I don't pay you at me arch-rival's business!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Boy, Plankton's really cleaning up down there, which means it's time to start running into the ground."
Cut to Plankton, serving up an order in Chum Caverns.
Plankton says: "Another order of Chumballs!"
Plankton says: "Huh?"
Mr. Krabs bursts through with a jackhammer.
Plankton says: "Krabs?"
Plankton says: "What are you doing here?"
Mr. Krabs says: "I'm here to steal back me customers, with the savory flavor of the Krabby Patty!"
Plankton says: "Krabs, you can't just slither down here and steal all my customers!"
Plankton says: "It's unethical!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Unethical?"
Mr. Krabs says: "This is perfectly legit!"
Mr. Krabs says: "I call all building rights under my restaurant!"
Plankton says: "Sea turtles!"
Plankton says: "He called it!"
Plankton says: "He always was good with legal jargon."
Plankton says: "Heh, heh, heh!"
Plankton says: "How does it feel, Krabs?"
Plankton says: "Being in the hole, so to speak."
Plankton says: "Not well, I'd imagine."
Plankton says: "Now hold still so I can bury you."
Mr. Krabs says: "Not if I bury you first!"
Plankton says: "Fine, Krabs, have it your way!"
Mr. Krabs says: "We're trapped!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Trapped!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Trapped, I tell you!"
Plankton says: "This is all your fault!"
Plankton says: "I oughta boil and butter you for this!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Plankton, I don't think you grasp the severity of our situation."
Mr. Krabs says: "We're trapped down here."
Mr. Krabs says: "As in, there is no way out!"
Plankton says: "Ha!"
Plankton says: "There may be no way out for you, Krabs, but you needn't worry about me!"
Plankton says: "My diminutive stature allows me to slip through rubble with ease."
Plankton says: "I can't make it."
Plankton says: "We're doomed!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Uh-huh."
Mr. Krabs says: "That's what I've been trying to tell you."
Narrator says: "15 minutes later..."
They both somehow now have gray beards.
Mr. Krabs says: "Aw, look at us!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Old, gray..."
Plankton says: "..."
Plankton says: "Nearing the end..."
Mr. Krabs says: "Say, Plankton, say we get out of here without lives, let's agree to work together."
Plankton says: "You're right, Krabs."
Plankton says: "Let's bury the hatchet now and forever!"
Mr. Krabs says: "We have a deal."
Mr. Krabs says: "No more bickering."
Plankton says: "No more skulduggery of any kind."
Mr. Krabs says: "Hang on a minute, don't you hear that?"
SpongeBob says: "Surprise!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Woo-hoo!"
Mr. Krabs says: "You found us!"
Mr. Krabs says: "I oughta pay you for this!"
SpongeBob says: "Or, just pay me for the job I already do!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Hey, Plankton, we're free!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Where'd he go?"
Plankton says: "I'm way ahead of you, Krabs!"
Mr. Krabs says: "You better not be trying to steal me formula!"
Plankton says: "I am, and I will!"
Mr. Krabs says: "But what about our deal?"
Plankton says: "What?"
Plankton says: "We're still working together, come on!"
Plankton says: "You're helping me steal your formula!"
Mr. Krabs says: "That's it."
Mr. Krabs says: "Just wait til I get me claws on your..."
Plankton says: "Aha!"
Plankton says: "Now time to get that formula!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Satisfied with yourself, Plankton?"
Mr. Krabs says: "Now you've trapped us all underground!"
Gus says: "But at least we're trapped in a good restaurant!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Captive customers!"
Mr. Krabs says: "I should've thought of it sooner!"
Mr. Krabs says: "But without Squidward, I need someone to work the register."