Episode starts at Squidward's house. Squidward is humming to his favorite real estate show, the "House Fancy" theme song while doing these activities. He places some tea on the table in front of his couch, then gets a stack of cookies, then picks up the remote, then fluffs both of his pillows, then sits down and turns on the TV. A square and a triangle are moving around, Squidward sips his tea, then the shapes turn into a house. A bird flies on the house, and a sound bubble comes out of his mouth that says "House Fancy". A rainbow and a chimney appears on the house, then the scene opens like a door, revealing Nicholas "Nick" Withers.
Nicholas "Nick" Withers says: "Hello, and welcome one and all, to a super special episode of House Fancy."
Nicholas "Nick" Withers says: "I'm your host, Nicholas Withers."
Squidward says: "Oh."
Squidward says: "Hellooo!"
Squilliam says: "Hellooo!"
Squidward says: "This isn't Squilliam Fancyson, my life long rival who I met in high school band class, is it?"
Squilliam says: "The same."
Squilliam says: "You wouldn't happen to be watching House Fancy, would you?"
Squidward says: "I was, until you called."
Squilliam says: "Well, Squiddy, I enjoy our chats, but my catered lunch awaits."
Squilliam says: "And you know how hard being fabulous is on an empty stomach!"
Squidward says: "Wait, why did you ask me if I was watching House Fancy?"
Nick says: "Sorry, Squilliam, but we've gotta get back to the show."
Squidward says: "Who's that talking in the background?"
Squilliam says: "Oh, I'm dreadfully sorry, Nicky dear."
Squilliam says: "Well, toodle loo, Squidward."
Squilliam says: "Enjoy the program."
Nick says: "Okay, folks, we'll be right back after these important messages."
Nick says: "Welcome back to House Fancy."
Nick says: "I'm Nicholas Withers."
Nick says: "Here next to me is Squilliam Fancyson."
Squilliam says: "Hello, peasants."
Nick says: "Let me start by saying what a lovely facade you have, Mr."
Nick says: "Fancyson."
Squilliam says: "Why, thank you, Nick."
Nick says: "And your house doesn't look too bad either."
Squilliam says: "Oh, Nicky."
Nick says: "Camera crew, can we get a shot of Squilliam Fancyson's fabulous house, please?"
Squidward says: "Hey, that's no better than my house!"
Squilliam says: "I bid you welcome, to my foyer."
Nick says: "It's simply glorious!"
Squidward says: "It's simply glorious!"
Squilliam says: "It truly is, Nicky."
Nick says: "It's like I've died and gone to fancy heaven!"
Nick says: "Is that what I think it is?"
Squilliam says: "It sure is!"
Squilliam says: "It's a gilded door knob."
Nick says: "Absolutely magical!"
Squilliam says: "Absolutely imported."
Nick says: "May I?"
Squilliam says: "But, of course."
Nick says: "Ohhh..."
Nick says: "Lovely."
Squilliam says: "Isn't it?"
Nick says: "Well, I have to say, Squilliam, and I think that I'm speaking for all of our viewers out there when I'm saying this."
Nick says: "You, are truly a fancy man."
Squilliam says: "Well, all this gushing is perfectly deserved."
Squilliam says: "It's all custom."
Squilliam says: "Ah, look at this, it's my jewel-encrusted toilet paper holder."
Nick says: "Such class!"
Squilliam says: "Come, let me show you the roof!"
Nick says: "An elevator?"
Squilliam says: "Watch your step."
Nick says: "What the!"
Nick says: "?"
Nick says: "A whirl pool bath elevator?"
Squilliam says: "I brought some soap."
Squilliam says: "All ashore."
Squilliam says: "Welcome to my rooftop garden!"
Squilliam says: "Romantic grotto, sparkling berry mineral soda waterfall, and my personal favorite, a 130-foot-long sculpture of my unibrow!"
Nick says: "It's huge, and..."
Nick says: "lifelike!"
Squilliam says: "If you look closely, you'll notice it's made entirely out of gilded doorknobs."
Nick says: "You have the fanciest..."
Squilliam says: "Eh, what?"
Nick says: "You have the fanciest..."
Squilliam says: "I have the fanciest ring?"
Nick says: "No, your phone is ringing."
Squilliam says: "Oh."
Squilliam says: "Uh, it's for you."
Nick says: "Hello."
Nick says: "Hello."
Squidward says: "Hello, my name is Squidward Tentacles, and my house is far fancier than that slob Squilliam's!"
Nick says: "Really?"
Squidward says: "Really!"
Nick says: "Okay, we'll be at your house in two hours with a camera crew."
Squidward says: "SpongeBob!"
Squidward says: "How long have you been spying on me?"
SpongeBob says: "Umm..."
SpongeBob says: "What day is it today?"
Squidward says: "It's the day you go away and never come back."
SpongeBob says: "But, Squidward, if I do that, then how am I going to help you get your house ready for the big TV show?"
Squidward says: "How did you know about that?"
SpongeBob says: "I was spying on you."
Squidward says: "Do you want me to get the cops down here again?"
Squidward says: "Because..."
SpongeBob says: "Mucho comprendo, Señor Habanero!"
Squidward says: "All right."
Squidward says: "First, I'm going to give you something so simple, a person without a brain could even get it done right."
SpongeBob says: "Whoo, that's good, 'cause I lent my brain to Patrick for the weekend."
Squidward says: "Really?"
SpongeBob says: "No, not really..."
SpongeBob says: "He traded me these two chocolate bars for it."
Squidward says: "I don't care!"
Squidward says: "Just use this paint to cover up that faded part on the wall right there."
Squidward says: "Don't touch anything else!"
SpongeBob says: "Okay."
Squidward says: "SpongeBob, what was that noise?"
Squidward says: "Skin me alive and drench me in boiling oil!"
Squidward says: "What have you done to my living room?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Squidward says: "I told you just to paint the faded spot!"
SpongeBob says: "Well, it all looked kinda faded."
Squidward says: "Never mind!"
Squidward says: "Maybe it won't show up on camera."
Squidward says: "Here, help me move this sofa."
SpongeBob says: "You got it, Squiddy."
SpongeBob says: "Where are we moving her to?"
Squidward says: "Hang on, I'm trying to get the grip on the thing."
Squidward says: "Now don't move it till I say..."
Squidward says: "Ooooooowwwwwww!"
SpongeBob says: "Okay."
Squidward says: "Ooooooowwwwwww!"
Squidward says: "SpongeBob, I told you not to move it until I say..."
Squidward says: "Ooooooowwwwwww!"
Squidward says: "Why do you keep moving it?"
SpongeBob says: "‘Cause you keep saying “ooooooowwwwwww”!"
Squidward says: "I don't need you!"
Squidward says: "I can move it myself."
SpongeBob says: "Wow, Squidward, you're so strong!"
Squidward says: "Oh, no, they're already here!"
Squidward says: "Go get a vacuum and clean up all the sofa bits."
Squidward says: "I've gotta run upstairs and dress my wound!"
SpongeBob says: "Roger!"
Squidward says: "Okay, SpongeBob, I finished..."
Squidward says: "What the?"
SpongeBob says: "Don't worry, Squidward!"
SpongeBob says: "I'll turn it off."
Squidward says: "Come out of there."
Patrick says: "Who's Nick?"
Patrick says: "Sorry, Squidward."
Patrick says: "I couldn't wait any longer, I've gotta use your toilet."
Patrick says: "No questions!"
Patrick says: "Thanks."
Toilet says: "Please, please, somebody put me out of my misery!"
Patrick says: "Oh, hey, Squidward, if you see SpongeBob, can you give him his brain back?"
Patrick says: "I was borrowing it for the weekend."
Patrick says: "I'll just set it, uh..."
Patrick says: "here."
SpongeBob says: "Thank you, Patrick!"
Squidward says: "Oh, no!"
Nick says: "Hello, and welcome back to House Fancy."
Nick says: "We're arriving at the home of Mr."
Nick says: "Squidward Tentacles, who claims his house is far fancier than that of Squilliam Fancyson."
Nick says: "Let's take a look."
Nick says: "Well, I, I, I..."
Nick says: "I'm not quite sure how to say this..."
Squilliam says: "Go ahead, say it."
Nick says: "Squidward Tentacles, you seem to have ushered in an entire new era in house fanciness!"
Squilliam says: "Huh?"
Squidward says: "I have-..."
Squidward says: "I have?"
Nick says: "What you have done here hearkens back to the illustrious post-primitive movement popularized by famous designer Saul Limpkins."
Nick says: "Say, was he a big inspiration for you?"
Squidward says: "Why, yes."
Squidward says: "I've studied him for..."
Squidward says: "years!"
Nick says: "I would like to announce, that Squidward's house will be featured in an hour long, commercial free House Fancy special, and Squidward will be crowned House Fancy prince of the year!"
Nick says: "An honor which was originally to be bestowed upon Squilliam, but now isn't."
Squidward says: "Yay!"
SpongeBob says: "Oh, don't worry, Squilliam, I might be able to get Squidward to help you redecorate."
SpongeBob says: "He is a personal friend of mine."
SpongeBob says: "You know success hasn't gone to his head?"
SpongeBob says: "He is still the same old great guy, he has not changed."