Plankton says: "Oh, come on, Karen, please!"
Karen says: "Well, if you must know..."
Plankton says: "Delectable!"
Karen says: "Oh, I'm sure it'll be a huge success!"
Siren.
Plankton says: "Sorry, no time for your senseless chatter."
Plankton says: "I've got a customer to attend to!"
Ding Ding.
Billy says: "Okay, so what about the Krabby Cola?"
Plankton says: "We don't serve Krabby Cola, we carry Bucket Bubbler and Chum Cherry Blast."
Billy says: "Okay, well then, can I just make sure I get those Krabby Fries with extra Krabby Sauce?"
Plankton says: "Ugh!"
Plankton says: "How many times must I say it?!"
Plankton says: "!"
Plankton says: "We don't carry Krabby Fries, we don't carry Krabby Cola, we don't carry Krabby Sauce, and we don't carry Krabby Patties!"
Plankton says: "So, if you want any of those things, you're gonna have to go to the Krusty Krab, which is located directly across the street!"
Billy says: "Okay, thanks for the directions."
Plankton says: "Any time."
Plankton says: "What is wrong with people?!"
Plankton says: "!"
Plankton says: "Honestly, I don't think anyone in Bikini Bottom would know a decent meal if it looked them right in the eye and said, "Hello!"
Plankton says: "I'm a decent meal, wonderful to meet you!"
Plankton says: "Please pay money for me and then put me in your mouth so your old pal Plankton doesn't lose everything he's spent his entire life working for!"
Karen says: "Yeah, and if anyone ever did order one of your meals, it probably would look them in the eye."
Plankton says: "You know, Karen, sometimes I wonder if you're here to help me run the Chum Bucket or just to make me feel like I'm two inches tall."
Karen says: "Maybe in heels."
Karen says: "If it wasn't for me, you probably wouldn't even remember to blink!"
Plankton says: "Oh, come on!"
Plankton says: "When we first met, you were little more than a jumbled mass of diodes and wires."
Plankton says: "I made you what you are today!"
Plankton says: "Literally!"
Plankton says: "So don't think you couldn't be replaced in a heartbeat!"
Plankton says: "Ow!"
Karen says: "What's the matter?"
Plankton says: "My eye is burning and I don't know why!"
Karen says: "Blink."
Plankton says: "Oh yeah, thanks for reminding me."
Plankton says: "Now where was I!"
Plankton says: "?"
Karen says: "You were threatening to replace me."
Plankton says: "Oh yeah!"
Plankton says: "I don't need you!"
Plankton says: "I can make a whole army of computers that might actually help me steal the formula!"
Karen says: "Oh, puh-leeze."
Plankton says: "I'll show you, woman!"
Later.
Plankton says: "Oh, Karen?!"
Plankton says: "!"
Shows Karen watching a computer movie.
Karen says: "Now what!"
Karen says: "?"
Plankton says: "Could you come here for a moment?"
Karen rolls in to the kitchen.
Karen says: "What do you want?"
Plankton says: "Feast your, uh..."
Plankton says: "screen on this."
Contraption rolls out.
Karen says: "That’s my replacement!"
Karen says: "?"
Karen says: "It’s a toaster!"
Plankton says: "Ha ha ha, that, my dear, is a T-119A Compumatic, the finest of its kind."
T-119A Compumatic says: "Good morning, sir."
Plankton says: "Good morning, T-119A!"
Plankton says: "They're supposed to do that."
Plankton says: "Next, behold!"
Plankton says: "The Noxious Enterprises Super SPU-31 Liquid-Cooled Mobile Processing Unit, a mind staggering combination of both power!"
Plankton says: "And refinement."
Robot tries to come through the doorway but can't, making the glass top break Water squirts everywhere.
Karen says: "That'll help you get the formula."
Plankton says: "And now, Karen, the piece de resistance."
Plankton says: "Have you ever witnessed such marvelous machinery?"
Karen says: "It sorta just looks like an old hair dryer taped to the back of a miniature windmill."
Plankton says: "I can see how someone of your level of technical knowledge would think that, Karen, but in actuality what you are looking at is..."
Plankton says: "oh, right."
Karen says: "I don't recall you ever having reason to own a hair dryer, Plankton."
Plankton says: "Okay, here we go!"
Plankton says: "Are you going to make me get the picture down again!"
Plankton says: "?"
Karen says: "What picture!"
Karen says: "?"
Plankton walks down hallway and takes picture off the wall.
Shows Karen wedding picture of the two of them. Plankton has a full head of hair.
Plankton says: "You see?!"
Plankton says: "!"
Plankton says: "Plenty of reason to be using a hair dryer!"
Karen says: "Why are we even talking about this?"
Plankton says: "Because you were the one that said—"
Karen says: "What's going on!"
Karen says: "?"
Plankton says: "Dear Neptune!"
Shows robots attacking each other.
Plankton tries to separate robots.
Plankton says: "Karen, do something!"
Plankton says: "Quick!"
Plankton says: "They're tearing each other apart!"
Plankton says: "Just press a button or something!"
Karen presses the red button Plankton had been using.
Plankton says: "Not that one!"
Siren sounds.
Plankton screams as a panel in SPU-31 flips open to reveal a hammer. It immediately targets Plankton and smashes him three times. Plankton walks back up to Karen, smushed.
Karen says: "Well, it's good to see that that strategy didn't fall flat!"
Plankton says: "You know, Karen, with you around, I'm beginning to wonder how I'm still alive."
Karen says: "Ohhh, so it's my fault is it?"
Plankton says: "That's right!"
Plankton says: "Now it's all clear!"
Plankton says: "It's you that's been holding me back!"
Plankton says: "In fact, if it weren't for your constant stifling, I'd have the whole world running for the safety of their mommies!"
Karen says: "You and your crack team of robots, huh?"
Shows robots again beating each other up.
Plankton says: "Well, maybe, I could iron out a few bugs, but then you'll see just how much I need you!"
Later.
Plankton says: "Okay, team, listen up."
Plankton says: "We're on our own now so we don't have anything holding us back."
Plankton says: "Now I know you all look upon me kindly since I am your creator, but the last thing the Chum Bucket needs is, if we're going to be victorious, is a bunch of soft, uh, software."
Plankton says: "Does everybody understand?"
All robots but one make their noise of recognition.
Plankton says: "I said, does everybody understand!"
Plankton says: "?"
Last robot makes noise of recognition.
Plankton says: "All right, then let's do this!"
Plankton says: "T-119A to position!"
Plankton says: "SPU-31 to position!"
Plankton says: "Command Module to position!"
Shows Plankton in the command module.
Plankton says: "Heh heh heh."
Plankton says: "Now let's see Krabs stop this."
Plankton says: "I'll show him."
Plankton says: "I'll show them all!"
Plankton laughs menacingly again.
Perch Perkins says: "This just in, a diabolical albeit haphazardly thrown-together machine is attacking Bikini Bottom and is headed straight for the Krusty Krab!"
Squidward turns off the TV at the Krusty Krab.
Squidward says: "Why is the local news always such rubbish!"
Squidward says: "?"
SpongeBob says: "Hey, Squidward, look!"
SpongeBob says: "I figured out how to get my mop wet without dipping it in the bucket."
Squidward says: "SpongeBob, nobody cares about..."
Plankton's robot silhouette is seen in the dust approaching the Krusty Krab.
Plankton laughs menacingly.
Propeller from his windmill hits his head knocking off his hat.
Plankton says: "Hey!"
Plankton says: "Krabs, I wanna see you."
Mr. Krabs ducks down in the window.
Mr. Krabs says: "Okay, boy, get out there."
SpongeBob says: "Um..."
SpongeBob says: "hello..."
SpongeBob says: "what do you want robot thing, sir?"
SpongeBob says: "Oh, hey Plankton!"
SpongeBob says: "What are you doing here?"
Plankton says: "I'm here for the secret formula you twit!"
Plankton says: "Now I want you to go in there and tell Krabs that if he doesn't turn over the formula to me, that he'll be subjected to utter annihilation at my..."
Plankton says: "Are you getting this?"
SpongeBob says: "Uhhhhh, uuh uuh."
Plankton says: "Uuhhhh, moron!"
Plankton says: "Okay, I'll make it simple: Krabs give me secret formula or I bring big boom boom to Krusty Krab."
Plankton says: "Got it?"
SpongeBob says: "Krabs give me secret formula or..."
SpongeBob says: "uhhh..."
SpongeBob says: "what was that other thing?"
Plankton says: "Bring on the Boom Boom!"
Planktons laugh.
Robot starts marching toward the Krusty Krab.
Mr. Krabs says: "Battle stations men!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Here he comes!"
SpongeBob says: "We're all doomed, we're all doomed, we're all doomed, we're all doomed, doomed, doomed, doomed, doomed, doomed, we're all doomed, we're all doomed, we're all doomed, we're all doomed!"
Squidward says: "Later."
Robot marching again with Plankton You notice that the extension cord that is powering the robot is about to be unplugged.
Robot stops only feet from the Krusty Krab.
Plankton says: "Hey, what gives?"
SpongeBob and Mr. Krabs emerge from the Krusty Krab. Mr. Krabs laughed at Plankton's failed attempt and the two walked away.
Robot collapses.
Karen says: "Ahem."
Plankton says: "Karen!"
Plankton says: "You've come back to me!"
Karen says: "Actually, I just came to get my keyboard."
Plankton says: "Oh, I knew you couldn't stay away, I knew it!"
Karen says: "Let me guess, another failure?"
Plankton says: "What you gonna do?"
Plankton says: "Machines these days, right?"
Plankton says: "Umm, listen sweetie, I'm sorry about what I said."
Plankton says: "Truth is, I could never replace you, honeybunch."
Plankton says: "Let's go home, hun?"
Karen says: "Okay."
Plankton says: "Hey, I could whip us up a little dinner."
Plankton says: "What do ya say?"
Karen says: "Do you want me to leave you again?"
Plankton says: "Or we could go out!"
Plankton says: "That'd be fun too."