The whirlpool beginning of the Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy show sequence is shown. First, a slide reading "The Further Adventures of. Next, a slide saying "Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy" and the Action Narrator begins.
Narrator says: "Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy  To their watery grave."
The images changes to shown just Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy in chains heading down the conveyor belt.
Mermaid Man says: "We cannot escape, Barnacle Boy."
Mermaid Man says: "He's too strong."
Mermaid Man says: "Like the unbeatable taste of a Krusty Kids meal."
Man Ray says: "The delicious new treat no mortal can resist?"
The image changes to show Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy heading down the Conveyor belt.
Barnacle Boy says: "Yup."
Man Ray says: "small fries, and cold juice product."
Narrator says: "Of course you do, Man Ray."
Narrator says: "get your free toy inside."
The Scene changes back to Man Ray in chains and holding the Krabby Kids Meal Box and a Krabby Patty. The scene pans out to show Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy on both sides of him.
Man Ray says: "How can I be evil with flavors this good?"
Mermaid Man, Barnacle Boy, and Man Ray laugh as the words "Only at the Krusty Krab" appear on screen The scene changes to show Plankton at the Chum Bucket watching the commercial on the TV setting of Karen.
Plankton says: "Krabs calls that a commercial?"
Plankton says: "Who'd fall for that schlock?"
Plankton says: "Something is going on over there."
The scene pans in to the interior of the Krusty Krab where a bunch of kids are having fun and playing in the Krusty Krab while watching Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy on a big screen The image changes to Squidward in a superhero-like costume holding a plate with 6 Kids Meals.
Squidward says: "The Krusty Krab welcomes..."
Plankton says: "Never trust kids, Squidward."
Plankton says: "Never trust kids."
Mr. Krabs says: "Gettin' Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy to shoot for me restaurant was a stroke of genius."
SpongeBob says: "Isn't it great, Squidward?"
Squidward says: "Great?"
Squidward says: "Those little savages tried to kill me."
SpongeBob says: "Yeah, but it's so worth it when you get to work in these."
Karen says: "Hi, honey."
Plankton says: "What's that?"
Plankton says: "A souvenir from your boyfriend Krabs?"
Karen says: "happy hero box."
Plankton says: "Wha..."
Plankton says: "?!"
Plankton says: "!"
Mermaid Man says: "What?"
Barnacle Boy says: "What?"
Mermaid Man says: "What?"
Barnacle Boy says: "What?"
Mermaid Man says: "What?"
Barnacle Boy says: "What?"
Plankton says: "I'm Down Here, Fellas!"
Mermaid Man says: "Who are you?"
Plankton says: "My card."
Mermaid Man says: ""Professor Plankton's Personal Products?"
Plankton says: "Say, you two look like a couple of ladies' men, am I right?"
Plankton says: "But what's this?"
Plankton says: "Dandruff?"
Mermaid Man says: "I've got dandruff?"
Plankton says: "You sure do."
Plankton says: "See?"
Mermaid Man says: "Oh, my!"
Plankton says: "Couple of studs like you can't go around like this."
Plankton says: "Lucky for you, Dr."
Plankton says: "Plankton's come prepared with "Plankton's Dandruff Control Shampoo"."
Plankton says: "A little of this stuff and the ladies will be breakin' down your door."
Mermaid Man says: "Sign us up, Professor."
Barnacle Boy says: "Sign us up, Professor."
Kids says: "We want Mermaid Man!"
Kids says: "We want Barnacle Boy!"
Kids says: "We want Mermaid Man!"
Kids says: "..."
Mr. Krabs says: "Uh, hey, kids?"
Mr. Krabs says: "SpongeBob!"
SpongeBob says: "Yes, sir."
Mr. Krabs says: "Go get those AWOL do-gooders you talked me into hirin', and bring their patoots back here on the double!"
SpongeBob says: "Aye, aye, Mr."
SpongeBob says: "Krabs."
Mr. Krabs says: "Back, you!"
Mr. Krabs says: "Back!"
Perch Perkins says: "Perch Perkins here, live at the Krusty Krab."
Perch Perkins says: "We're just moments away from an important press conference with Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy."
Perch Perkins says: "I have with me here Eugene Krabs, owner of the restaurant."
Perch Perkins says: "Any thoughts, Mr."
Perch Perkins says: "Krabs?"
SpongeBob says: "Ladies and gentlemen, I present Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy."
Perch says: "Mermaid Man,  what is your opinion of the Krabby Patty?"
Plankton says: "Ooh!"
Plankton says: "This is too easy."
Plankton says: "Now just tell everyone that..."
Mermaid Man says: "I, Mermaid Man, think that Krabby Patties are, uh..."
Mermaid Man says: "uh, what?"
Plankton says: "They're terrible!"
Plankton says: "You hate Krabby Patties."
Mermaid Man says: "I'm late for "Snappy Pabbies?"
Plankton says: "Oh, for crying out loud!"
Mermaid Man says: "Wha?"
Mermaid Man says: "..."
Mermaid Man says: "..."
Mermaid Man says: "evil!"
Frank says: "Susie, no!"
Barnacle Boy is also somehow now under the mind control.
Mermaid Man says: "I hate these nasty things!"
Mermaid Man says: "."
Mermaid Man says: "And furthermore..."
Plankton says: "..."
Plankton says: "let it be known that I, Mermaid Man prefer the delicious food available at the Chum Bucket."
Mermaid Man says: "Your new favorite restaurant!"
The Crowd gasps.
SpongeBob says: "The Chum Bucket?!!"
SpongeBob says: "!!"
SpongeBob says: "Plankton must be behind this."
Plankton says: "Yes."
Plankton says: "Yes!"
SpongeBob says: "Hold it right there!"
SpongeBob says: "You forgot your..."
SpongeBob says: "Krabby Patties!"
Mermaid Man says: "Krabby Patties."
Barnacle Boy says: "Krabby Patties."
Mermaid Man says: "Krabby Patties!"
Barnacle Boy says: "Krabby Patties!"
Plankton says: "Oh, no."
Plankton says: "Those infernal Krabby Patties."
Plankton says: "Their grease-fried deliciousness could be enough to free Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy."
SpongeBob says: "Not so fast!"
SpongeBob says: "You're not dealing with an ordinary fry cook!"
SpongeBob says: "It's time for you to meet..."
Plankton says: "I did it!"
Plankton says: "I did it!"
Plankton says: "Look at all these customers."
Plankton says: "In your face, Krabs."
Plankton says: "Yes!"
Harold says: "So, uh, where's the food?"
The Scene changes to show SpongeBob still stomped in the ground.
SpongeBob says: "It doesn't make sense."
Mermaid Man says: "I'm back to my old self again!"
Mermaid Man says: "Thanks to you, SpongeBob."
SpongeBob says: "And the delicious power of Krabby Patties."
Mermaid Man says: "Say, I could use a couple more of those, and an order of Krabby Fries."
Barnacle Boy says: "And a decent latrine."
SpongeBob says: "Well, then, you guys know where to go!"
SpongeBob says: "To the Krusty Krab!"
Mermaid Man says: "To the Krusty Krab!"
 says: "To the Krusty Krab!"
Barnacle Boy says: "To the Krusty Krab!"
SpongeBob says: "Away!"
Mermaid Man says: "Away!"
 says: "Away!"
Barnacle Boy says: "Away!"
Plankton says: "Hey, everyone, I made Chummy Joes!"