Transitions to an outside view of the Bikini Bottom Recital Hall. Inside, on the stage is Squilliam Fancyson. Flowers are being thrown to him.
Squilliam says: "Thank you."
Squilliam says: "Ah."
Squidward, in a sweater the same color as his usual shirt, watches, irritated, in the audience. A fish next to him leans over him.
Music Lover says: "Isn't it grand?"
Squidward says: "What is?"
Music Lover says: "He's such a great musician."
Music Lover says: "He doesn't even have to touch an instrument to be brilliant!"
Squidward says: "Alright, I've had enough!"
Squidward says: "Bunch of nonsense!"
Music School Headmaster says: "Why, here he comes now."
Music School Headmistress says: "It is him!"
Squidward says: "Huh?"
Music School Headmistress says: "Aren't you the esteemed Squilliam Fancyson the Third, who we all came here to see perform tonight?"
Squidward says: "No, I am not, nor would I ever want to be!"
Squidward says: "I am quite content being Squidward Q."
Squidward says: "Tentacles."
Music School Headmistress says: "Oh, dear."
Music School Headmistress says: "Well, that's too bad."
Squidward says: "Why?"
Music School Headmistress says: "Because I'm head matron at an esteemed musical college in town and thought if you were Squilliam Fancyson, I would offer you the high-paying and prestigious opportunity to come there and teach your very own music class."
Squidward says: "My very own music class?"
Squidward says: "Did you say "Squilliam Fancyson"?"
Music School Headmistress says: "Yes."
Squidward says: "I'm..."
Squidward says: "Squilliam Fancyson."
Music School Headmistress says: "But didn't you just say a minute ago that your name was Squidward Q."
Music School Headmistress says: "Tentacles?"
Squidward says: "It is..."
Squidward says: "No, I mean, uh, no, no, I didn't!"
Music School Headmistress says: "Well, that's a relief."
Music School Headmistress says: "I mean, what kind of a moron would go to their worst enemy's music recital?"
Music School Headmaster says: "A very pathetic one, that's whom."
Squidward says: "Oh."
Music School Headmistress says: "Well, good evening, Professor Squilliam."
Squidward says: "Who?"
Squidward says: "Ha, um, uh, and a good evening to you as well."
Music School Headmaster says: "Hmm, music types."
Music School Headmistress says: "Ooh, they're so strange."
Transitions to Squidward's music teaching lesson building. Inside, Squidward, wearing a large white curly wig, enters the classroom.
Squidward says: "Good evening, students."
Squidward says: "Now, our first..."
Students says: "Good evening, Professor."
Squidward says: "As I was saying, our first..."
Billy puts his hand up.
Squidward says: "Yes?"
Billy says: "Aren't you gonna write your name on the board like most professors do?"
Squidward says: "My-my name?"
Squidward says: "What for?"
Billy says: "Well, you know, it just seems like teachers usually write their names on the board the first day of class."
Squidward says: "Why don't you come write your name on the board?"
Squidward says: "We'll see how you like it."
Billy says: "Okay."
Billy walks up to the board and writes his name.
Squidward says: "There, now how does that feel, Billy?"
Billy says: "Okay, I-I guess."
Squidward says: "Good."
Squidward says: "Now, why don't you take your seat and stop poking your nose into other people's business?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Squidward says: "Now, if we can go for five minutes without having any further interruptions."
Squidward says: "I would like to..."
Squidward says: "Squilliam, everybody, he was about to say "Squilliam"!"
Patrick says: "Oh, uh, oh, actually, I think he was about to say Squid..."
Squidward says: "Hey, he blinked three times!"
SpongeBob says: "Wow, only eight minutes in and we've already been given a math quiz."
SpongeBob says: "Very advanced music class, huh, Patrick?"
Patrick says: "I'll say."
Squidward says: "Would you two numb skulls mind telling me what you're doing in music class anyway?"
SpongeBob says: "Sure!"
SpongeBob says: "Patrick's New Year's resolution was to learn to play an instrument!"
Squidward says: "You told me your resolution was to sign up for an all natural slimming, toning, and increased muscle mass program!"
Patrick says: "It was."
Patrick says: "I traded with SpongeBob."
SpongeBob says: "And I have been very happy with the results."
SpongeBob says: "See?"
Squidward says: "Wow, those are impressive results."
Transitions to later in the classroom.
Squidward says: "SpongeBob, do you mind?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Squidward says: "There are other people here besides you, you know."
Squidward says: "And I don't think they appreciate you depriving them of my wisdom!"
SpongeBob says: "Patrick here keeps tickling my foot."
Patrick says: "No way!"
Patrick says: "He's making that up!"
Patrick says: "It was him!"
Squidward says: "You expect me to believe he was tickling himself?"
Patrick says: "You better tell him, SpongeBob."
SpongeBob says: "Alright, it was me."
Squidward says: "You were tickling yourself?"
SpongeBob says: "Mm hmm!"
Squidward says: "How?"
SpongeBob says: "Like this."
Squidward says: "Alright, that's enough!"
Transitions to show the students now in a straight line, with SpongeBob and Patrick at both ends.
Squidward says: "There."
Squidward says: "Now, as I was saying, music is a series of complex..."
Squidward says: "SpongeBob, I told you to stop tickling yourself!"
Patrick says: "Actually, that time, it really was me."
Squidward looks baffled, transitions to later.
Squidward says: "Now, I'm going to put some notes on the chalkboard."
Squidward says: "Excuse me?"
Squidward says: "Is there something you'd like to share with the rest of the class?"
Patrick says: "Uh-uh."
Squidward says: "Go on, you've already interrupted once."
Squidward says: "You might as well tell us what was so very important."
Patrick says: "Well, I was just saying that these lines you drew remind me of a railroad track."
Squidward says: "I have never heard anything more insipid, insane, uninteresting, or irrelevant!"
Patrick says: "Well, actually, there was a railroad convention in town last week, and I bought myself this nifty conductor's cap."
Squidward says: "I have never seen a more ridiculous looking outfit on top of anybody's head, anywhere!"
Patrick says: "Well, I don't know."
Patrick says: "Suits my needs."
Squidward says: "What else did you buy at this convention?"
Squidward says: "Your very own locomotive?"
Patrick says: "Yes."
Squidward says: "Ha!"
Squidward says: "Ha!"
Squidward says: "Ha!"
Squidward says: "What the..."
Squidward says: "?"
Patrick, now shrunk down to the train's size, climbs into the train, toots the horn and drives the train on a track going past SpongeBob and the other students. It then goes into what appears to be a tunnel which is then shown to be a garbage can being held by Squidward. Squidward then takes the can outside and dumps it with the other cans, then he goes back inside.
Squidward says: "Now, where were..."
Squidward says: "..."
Squidward says: "we?"
Transitions to later.
Squidward says: "This is what's known as a metronome."
SpongeBob says: "Hey, my mom has one of those in her garden!"
Patrick says: "No, SpongeBob, that was a garden gnome."
Squidward says: "Anyway, the metronome helps us keep time."
He starts the metronome and it starts ticking. SpongeBob and Patrick suddenly start staring at the metronome as though they are in a trance. They start swaying to the rhythm.
SpongeBob says: "Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick..."
Patrick says: "Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick..."
Squidward says: "Do you mind?"
Squidward says: "Is there something seriously wrong with your HEADS?!"
Squidward says: "!"
SpongeBob says: "My whole life has been pointed in one direction."
Patrick says: "I see that now."
Patrick says: "There's never been any choice for me."
Squidward says: "Will you two nincompoops cut it out?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Squidward says: "Or am I gonna..."
Knocking on the door. A news reporter and a cameraman enter the classroom.
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "Hello!"
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "We're with the local Bikini Bottom News Channel."
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "I'm a reporter."
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "We're here to conduct an interview with the esteemed musical genius Squilliam Fancyson."
SpongeBob and Patrick are still ticking.
Squidward says: "Please ignore them."
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "Are those students of yours?"
Squidward says: "Nope, they're just morons."
Squidward says: "Come on, you two, snap out of it!"
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "They appear to be in some type of trance."
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "A case of genuine hypnosis like this make a much hotter scoop."
Squidward says: "Hotter?"
Squidward says: "Scoop?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "Well, it's the sort of thing that borders the paranormal."
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "Our viewers just eat that stuff up."
Squidward says: "Paranormal?!"
Squidward says: "!"
Squidward says: "The only thing paranormal around here is how fast I'm going to make you two disappear!!"
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "Don't blame me, blame the market."
SpongeBob says: "Wha..."
SpongeBob says: "?"
SpongeBob says: "Where am I?"
SpongeBob says: "I felt like I was in some sort of horrible trance."
Squidward says: "You wanna know what happened?"
SpongeBob says: "Okay!"
Patrick says: "Okay!"
Squidward says: "You once again managed to single-handedly annihilate what might be the one and only chance I may ever get to sew just one tiny seed of creative hope into the culturally barren wasteland that each and every one of us is forced to call home!"
Harold says: "Actually, I've been commuting from upstate."
Squidward says: "Now, I don't suppose you two have anything to say for yourselves?"
SpongeBob says: "Well, I guess if I was to say one thing, it would have to be: We're sorry, Squidward."
Patrick says: "Yeah, we're sorry, Squidward."
Squidward says: "No, no, no, no, no!"
Squidward says: "Shh shh shh..."
Harold says: "Hey, did those guys just call you Squidward?"
Squidward says: "No, no, no, no, no!"
Squidward says: "They said "Squilliam"!"
Gus says: "Oh!"
Gus says: "I knew this guy was phony from minute one!"
Gus says: "I'm gettin' outta here."
Harold says: "Yeah, me, too!"
Harold says: "I'm gonna get my tuition back!"
Squidward says: "No!"
Squidward says: "Wait!"
Squidward says: "NO!"
Squidward says: "You're not going anywhere!"
The door is smashed open and several police fish run in. Squidward, who was flattened against the wall by the door, is grabbed by them.
Squidward says: "Wha-What's going on here?"
Johnson says: "Sorry, Professor, your little symphony is over."
Music School Headmistress and the real Squilliam Fancyson are there.
Music School Headmistress says: "It's true, we're onto your little ruse!"
Bikini Bottom News Reporter says: "What a hot scoop!"
Music School Headmistress says: "The real Squilliam, as we all know, has a large, bushy unibrow just at the base of his forehead!"
Squidward says: "But..."
A police fish takes Squidward's wig off.
Green Police Fish says: "No unibrow."
Green Police Fish says: "Squidward Q."
Green Police Fish says: "Tentacles, I'm placing you under arrest for impersonating a genius."
Squidward is handcuffed and taken away by the police. SpongeBob takes out the metronome, starts it, and he and Patrick start swaying to the rhythm again.
SpongeBob says: "Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick..."
Patrick says: "Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick..."