Narrator: The city of Townsville! (Zoom in on one section.) Where something horrible…
(Dissolve to a slow overhead pan across the rooftops of one block.)
Narrator: …something evil…
(Dissolve to the side of a building, where a poster showing a man’s face has been put up.)
Narrator: …something nefarious…
(A huge, spiky-haied shadow throws itself across the view. Close-up of the poster, which reads “Joe Bob for Congress”; something multicolored flashes across the screen, and when it clears, the image has been touched up considerably. Joe Bob now sports a face full of makeup.)
Narrator: (trying to keep from laughing)  …something hilarious is taking place!
(Zoom in on the altered poster, to the sound of cackling female laughter that echoes through the night, then pull back to frame a portion of the skyline. The many-hued streak zips up and down among the buildings as the camera slowly pans to keep it in frame.)
Narrator: Yes, some horrible, evil, nefarious, hilarious prankster…
(Cut to a rooftop billboard that shows a happy young couple—this is a travel ad for, of all places, “Siberia—Land of Dreams.” On the next line, the streak flashes past, leaving the images changed similarly to the poster.)
Narrator: …is defacing all the billboards… (A poster of a cowboy and his horse is hit.) …posters… (A statue gets made over.) …and statues in Townsville.
(Zoom in on the head, then cut to a bus stop bench on which four men are seated; it is now the next day. The eyes of three of them dart about and finally settle on the fourth, who is reading a newspaper; zoom in on him during the following.)
Narrator: Who could be behind this senseless lashing out?
(Zoom in closer, slowly, to a close-up of this man. He finally raises his eyes and looks back and forth—and then the paper is lowered to show a very tiny fellow sitting in his lap. The latter was holding on to it; he rolls it up, tucks it under his arm, and walks away. From here, cut to a shot of a somewhat surprised-looking Mojo Jojo.)
Narrator: Could it be…Mojo Jojo? (A crowd is seen.)
Crowd: No! (A plumber works under a sink.)
Narrator: Could it be…your plumber?
(He pulls himself out and stares confusedly at us. Big, fat, scraggly beard, not too bright.)
Crowd: No!
(Next up: the car thief from “Girls Gone Mild,” who swiped that black SUV.)
Narrator: Could it be…Charlie Bean? (He shrugs.)
Crowd: No! (A quick, long pan begins.)
Narrator: Or could it be…
(Stop on a shadowy area of the city, with a sprawling tower standing high over the other buildings; a large M is on the roof. A violent thunderstorm has begun. Lightning strikes, illuminating the area for a moment and showing the tower to be in ruins, and the view dissolves to a long shot of a silhouette standing at a top-floor window. This figure is very thin, with long arms and legs, claw-like fingers, and spiky hair.)
Narrator: (shocked) No! It can’t be!
(Dissolve to inside the building, a close-up of the legs; the feet are clad in high heels. Tilt up slowly toward the head and stop. After a long pause, lightning reveals the face in full detail: wide, staring eyes set above a tiny nose; thick lips drawn back from a snarling mouth; chin tapering down to a very fine point. The entire face is heavily made up, and it and the streaked white hair are left half in shadow by the lightning’s glare.)
(Another strike, and the silhouette is seen again inside the building. It cackles madly in the voice heard earlier; this individual is the culprit. Pull back a bit from the window, then cut to outside the tower and pull back some more as her laughter rings out and the storm continues. Fade to black.)
(Pull back to reveal that the black has now become the pupil of Blossom’s eye, seen in extreme close-up as if through a magnifying glass.)
Blossom: Mask Scara!
(Pull back. It is now the next day, the sky is clear, and she is indeed peering through a hand-held lens, which she lowers. Her sisters stand with her on a city sidewalk.)
Blossom: It’s the work of Mask Scara!
(Cut to behind the girls. The Mayor, Ms. Bellum, and the Professor are there as well; in front of them is the object of Blossom’s study—a movie poster advertising Exterminator 3. The face of the insecticide-wielding actor on it has been covered with makeup.)
Mayor: Uh…did she say “mascara”? (Close-up of the Professor; zoom in slowly.)
Professor: No. Mask Scara, the dreaded villainess.
(Dissolve to a curb at which a limousine is pulling up. A carpet has been laid down for its passengers, and a uniformed attendant stands ready. On the next line, the car stops, he opens the rear door, and two dogs are seen on leashes. They get out, followed by their owner—a young blond woman, very stylishly dressed in a pink suit and matching pillbox hat, with a beauty mark above the right corner of her mouth.)
Professor: (voice over) Formerly known as fashion mogul Madame M…
(Said mogul proceeds along the carpet, after which we see the tower whose ruins were the apparition’s hideout. However, the structure is gleaming and new—this entire sequence shows past events. Zoom in on the M; during the next line, cut to a meeting room, where Madame M is making a presentation to some executives. A graph is projected on a screen behind her.)
Professor: (voice over) …whose cosmetics empire made a fortune in makeup sales…
(Close-up of the graph, which shows an arrow climbing steadily upward. The vertical axis is labeled “Profits,” while the horizontal one is split into two areas. The lower part of the graph corresponds to “Old Look,” while the much higher part is labeled “‘Trashy Look’ Campaign.”)
Professor: (voice over) …by cleverly marketing the Trashy Look.
(On the end of this, close-up of a mirror. In it is the reflection of a young blond woman liberally applying mascara to her eyelashes. Pan from her to a black woman putting on lipstick, then a brunette dusting on face powder. All three faces sport a vast overabundance of cosmetics—the aforementioned Trashy Look. From here, cut to a magazine spinning toward the camera against a black backdrop.)
Professor: (voice over) But then…one day it happened.
(The magazine stops near the camera. It is an issue of Bogus, and it shows the brunette—now rather depressed-looking, with plain hair and no makeup at all. Headline: “The Dull Look is in!”)
Professor: (voice over) The Dull Look was in!
(Dissolve to a close-up of her, now sitting in a laundromat and reading a magazine; pan to the black woman, then the blonde, both also sporting the no-frills appearance. The former reads her own magazine, while the latter shovels ice cream into her mouth.)
Professor: (voice over) Yes, it was the end of the Trashy Look. (The profit graph again; now the arrow plummets.) And Madame M’s empire… (It drops o.c.) …crumbled.
(The graph shatters as if it were a pane of glass, and the pieces clear away to reveal Madame M screaming and holding her hands to her head. The red background behind her gradually brightens until she is visible only as a silhouette; her hair springs up into those exaggerated spikes seen earlier. Cut to the exterior of the glittering tower—which becomes its ravaged self of today when lightning cracks across the scene. The rain begins; now we are back to the storm of the previous evening, and the camera zooms in on the uppermost stories and cuts to the silhouette of Mask Scara at the window. Zoom in slowly on her head as the lighting strikes over and over, then cut to a close-up of the glass, through which people can be seen running in a panic. Her face appears as a reflection and can be seen clearly for the first time, with the beauty mark near her mouth giving her away as the former Madame M.)
Mask Scara: Finally, my revenge on Dullsville is almost complete. (Pull back slowly to frame her.) Oh, look at them running terrified!
(Now enough of her is in frame to reveal that she wears a pink bodysuit, the same shade as the outfit she sported as Madame M, and long black gloves. She turns from the window.)
Mask Scara: I’ll shake them to their very foundation! (breaking the mood) Get it? Foundation?
(She has a good laugh at this very bad pun. A final crash of lightning, and we are back to the present. The Professor is deep in thought; pull back slowly from him.)
Professor: And now she’s taking her misfortune out on all of the innocent signage of Townsville. Boy, that makes me mad—kinda like when you wash your hands in a public restroom, and the hot water just stays cold. Or like when you’re mowing the lawn on a hot summer day, and your undershorts keep riding up the—
Bubbles: (from o.c.) Um… (Pull back to frame her.) …Professor, we get the idea. Anyway, I think the makeup looks kinda neat. (Pan to Blossom.)
Blossom: I think it’s just lame. (To Buttercup.)
Buttercup: Oh, what’s the big deal, anyway? I mean, it’s only dumb posters and billboards and statues. And people getting upset over a little makeup is ridiculous. Hmph!
(She puts hands to hips, content in her contempt, but is shaken out of this mood by the reverberating cackle of Mask Scara and sound of her approach. Pull back to frame all three girls, who look around nervously; the villain’s multi-hued trail flashes by and fills the screen.)
Narrator: Uh-oh! (It clears, leaving a pink cloud floating in the girls’ place.) What target has Mask Scara chosen to smear this time?
(Cut to a flag waving atop a pole. It is designed after the Stars and Stripes, but the blue field extends from top to bottom and shows the Mayor rather than a group of stars.)
Narrator: The Townsville flag?
Crowd: No! (An open mailbox, with flies buzzing around it.)
Narrator: Your neighbor’s mailbox?
Crowd: No!
(Cut to Buttercup, her back to the camera—but her eyelashes have now been teased out so far that they extend well beyond the sides of her head.)
Narrator: Or could it be…
(She turns around. Lipstick, mascara, eyeshadow—and a beauty mark to match Mask Scara’s. She has been hit but good.)
Narrator: …Buttercup?!?
(Pull back to frame all three girls. The pink cloud has dissipated, giving Blossom and Bubbles a good view of what has happened to their sister so they can laugh themselves silly.)
Buttercup: Shut up!
Blossom: Oh, Buttercup, relax. We’ll just wipe it off.
(A towel is produced and rubbed over the victim’s face, but the stuff does not even smear.)
Buttercup: Well? Is it off? (Blossom and Buttercup hold back smiles.)
Blossom: Uh…not exactly. Here, hold on.
(She applies the towel much more vigorously; Buttercup’s hair ends up a mess, but the makeup stays firmly in place.)
Buttercup: Well?
Blossom: (stifling a smile) Still working on it. (Bubbles holds up a fire hose connected to a hydrant.)
Bubbles: Here, try this! (Blossom takes it.)
Blossom: Hold on, Buttercup!
(Close-up of Bubbles, who looks toward her sisters with noticeable dismay as the sound of repeated pounding is heard. The hose is not being used in quite the way she intended. After several hits, she speaks up.)
Bubbles: Um, Blossom?
(Pull back. A very angry Buttercup rubs her head at the point where Blossom has been socking her with the hose’s nozzle—a slightly misguided attempt to clean her up.)
Bubbles: I meant use the water. (She opens the hydrant valve.) Try now!
(A huge stream shoots from the nozzle; it is all Blossom can do to keep the hose steady. Buttercup is hit full force and driven against the back of a truck. After a few seconds, Bubbles closes the valve; as the water drains away, we see Buttercup—now thoroughly bashed and battered, her dress torn, but not one speck of that makeup gone. She slowly slides down over the truck’s bumper and ends up sitting on the pavement.)
Buttercup: How about now? (Blossom and Bubbles hold back smiles.)
Blossom: It’s…um… (laughing a bit) …still there.
(Buttercup screams in complete frustration and begins to slam her head against the truck, denting the rear panel very badly.)
Bubbles: Blossom! How about using your ice breath?
(Blossom seems to approve of this idea, and Bubbles smiles proudly at having come up with this brainstorm. The redhead sucks in all the air she can hold and lets go with a subzero gust that connects squarely with Buttercup’s face and frosts her over. When it stops, a huge ball of ice has grown to engulf most of her body; only her feet can be seen breaking the surface. Blossom strikes the ice with a flying kick that is seen three times, and the ice shatters away from Buttercup in slow motion. However, this strategy has had no more success than any of the others.)
Buttercup: Well?
(Her sisters shake their heads fearfully; she growls and starts to boil over.)
Bubbles: I know! I’ll use my ultrasonic Bubblesound!
(She lets go with the high-powered scream she has used on previous occasions and sets the whole city shaking. A STOP sign starts to vibrate on its pole, and the lettering melts away after a few seconds. A very tall building experiences tremors; finally all the windows blow out. A Mangelene billboard shows a very fat woman lounging in a swimsuit. After a moment, the surface peels away to reveal a different picture: a very surprised moose, with no hair anywhere on its body below the level of its mouth. This is a travel ad for Canada. The moose reaches past the edge of the board, its hooves disappearing as if this image were on a TV screen, and comes up with a towel. It hunches over, holds this in front of itself, and laughs in an embarrassed way.)
[Note: The original image is a riff on Angelyne, the “billboard queen” of Los Angeles. Most notable for the self-promoting billboards she has put up throughout that city, she was a candidate for governor of California in the recall election of 2003.]
(Cut to the city skyline. As Bubbles’ scream finally dies away, the buildings tremble and collapse in a shower of rubble. Dust clouds fill the screen and slowly clear away to show Buttercup standing hunched over, her back to the camera. Blossom, Bubbles, and the Professor lean in expectantly as the Mayor pops up over the man’s shoulder to see for himself. She wheels to face them—Mask Scara’s work has not been even slightly affected.)
Buttercup: Well? (Long pause.)
Blossom: I’m sorry, Buttercup, but I think Mask Scara’s makeup is…long-lasting. (Buttercup looks away angrily.)
Professor: Girls, I’m afraid this is a job for a scientist. You girls try and catch Mask Scara, and I’ll head home and work on an antidote. (Pan a bit to put the Mayor in view, with Ms. Bellum.) And Mayor—you go…uh…do something with yourself.
Mayor: Uh…okay.
(Hyped up about his plan of action, the Professor runs o.c.—altogether forgetting that his car is parked right there at the curb. The girls trade slightly bemused looks; after several seconds, his footsteps make themselves head and he walks back to the car. He is trying to play it all off—“yeah, I meant to do that”—as he opens the door. Close-up of the girls, looking after him; the slam of the door and the revving of the engine are heard. Pull back; he backs up and o.c., and the camera shifts to point down this street. The car bounces along, still in reverse. Back to the girls.)
Blossom: Let’s go, before Mask Scara strikes— (The villain’s streak fills the screen.) —again?
Narrator: Oh, no!
(She departs; now the camera pans along a street full of stunned people whose faces have been thickly plastered with cosmetics.)
Narrator: It looks like Mask Scara is putting her smear campaign on the whole population!
(The pan stops as he finishes this line; a face has been drawn onto a mailbox. Mask Scara strikes again; cut to a view of several billboards that have had eyes painted on. She zips here and there to add mouths as the camera pulls back slowly.)
Narrator: Yes, it looks like Mask Scara is painting the whole town indeed!
(Another sweep, and the view changes to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten. Zoom in.)
Narrator: Making no discrimination between… (Inside, Ms. Keane is at the blackboard, her back to us.) …the good guys…
(She turns around, revealing that she too has been victimized. Another sweep; now the view has shifted to the Mayor’s office. His chair is turned away from the desk; zoom in as it swivels, exposing him sitting there with the Trashy Look firmly established. He holds a hand mirror.)
Mayor: Gee, uh…I kinda like it.
Narrator: …and the bad guys!
(She sweeps through here; now the view has changed to a long shot of Mojo’s observatory. Close-up of him inside, seen from the jawline down; he is howling in rage. Tilt up to his face, which is in the same shape as all the others. Another sweep, and Fuzzy Lumkins stands in his shack, with jaw hanging open and makeup on. Again: the Amoeba Boys have been hit. Again: the Gangrene Gang. Again: Princess Morebucks. Again: the crowd that has been reacting to the Narrator’s queries.)
Narrator: Oh, no! It looks like she’s painted just about everybody!
(Another sweep, and a portion of the city skyline is seen. She flashes into the air, cackling insanely all the while; cut to her in flight, with a giant lipstick in one hand and a powder brush in the other. For the first time, her footwear can be seen in its entirety: black, thigh-high, spike-heeled boots. The next words jolt her out of her celebration and stop her dead in midair.)
“Him”: (from o.c., singing) I’m pretty, I feel pretty—
(He starts and ends this bit in his effeminate voice, going briefly to the evil one. Long shot of his domain: a floating mountain, with other bits of land bobbing here and there. The entire area is seen against a black-and-white backdrop of a stunt pilot walking along the wings of his biplane in flight. As the singing continues, zoom in quickly through a hole in the mountainside; “Him” is sitting at a vanity and applying makeup.)
“Him”: —oh so pretty, I’m pretty, ha-ha!
(Mask Scara cannot contain her glee and charges in. When she arrives, the backdrop has changed to a color clip of a small girl playing in a garden; it then starts to show various random images as it did during “The Boys Are Back in Town.” “Him” is a bit irritated at the intrusion; the woman’s face goes slack when she realizes just how heavily her would-be target already hits the cosmetics. “Him” stares back at her, equally confounded. Mask Scara. Extreme close-up of “Him”’s eye, tilting down to the mouth, then up to the other cheek. She stands there, trying to make up her mind what to do with her lipstick and brush, then has a flash of inspiration.)
(In no time flat, “Him” finds himself enveloped in her whirling dervish for several seconds. When she backs off, his face is covered with clown makeup, and his hair now sticks out in bushy red tufts above his ears. Mask Scara’s laughter echoes as her streaks fill the screen to mark her departure; when the view clears, we are back in the city, with more buildings showing makeup faces, and she is zipping away as the camera pulls back slowly.)
Narrator: Is there no hope for Townsville? Can anyone stop this faceless defacing? (brightly) We’ll find out after these messages.
(Fade to black.)

Act Two