(Opening scene: Bliss is seen sleeping in a stasis bubble as Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup watch, the Professor on the lab computer going through it taking a small paper certificate after it prints.)
Bubbles: Professor, what's going on?
Professor: (Walking away) Not now, Bubbles. 
(Back to Blossom and Buttercup)
Blossom: Wow, Bliss is our sister?
Bubbles: (Floats back to her sisters) I wish Bliss told me that when she was imaginary. She was always saying, "Don't tell the Professor I'm here, I'm his daughter." That makes me her sister. (Sighs with her head down and back to her normal behavior) But hey, at least you all know I'm not crazy anymore, right?
Buttercup: (Doleful as well as Blossom) No.
Bubbles: (Pointing MIH out who is on a stool) But she even has a teeny elephant just like I said. (Startling MIH) Hi, cutie!
Professor: (Takes MIH with a chopper) Girls, you need to be careful. (Puts MIH in the stasis bubble) This is a very dangerous situation. (MIH yawns)
Blossom, Bubbles, Buttercup and the Professor: (With cute eyes) Aw!
Professor: (Recovers) Okay, now back to the matter at hand.
Buttercup: Professor, who is she?
Professor: No more questions, girls. (Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup zip back to him)
Blossom: Why didn't you tell us we had a sister?
Buttercup: Where did she come from?
Bubbles: And why is she locked in that thing?
Professor: (Sighs) All right. (Opens a draw and takes out a newspaper and puts it on the counter) It all started 10 years ago. I was locked in a bitterly rivalry with Professor Newtronium. She had just completed her work on creating the Perfect Little Boy. He could fly and stuff. (Memory flashback similar to the 1998 Powerpuff Girls theme song starts) So I set out to to create the Perfect Little Girl who could fly further and stuff, but I accidentally added an extra ingredient to the concoction--Chemical W. Thus the Perfect Little Girl was born. (Memory paused)
Blossom: Wait a minute. You spilled Chemical X when you made us. You made the same mistake twice?
Professor: (Nervous and confused) Uh, twenty-two times, actually. (The broken spilled chemicals are shown) I had some difficulty.with chemicals A through V. (An insect steps into a chemical, turns superpowered, and flies away)
Blossom: You should really clean that up.
Professor: Uh, yeah. (turns serious) Now, back to the story. (Memory plays again) Her name was Blisstina Francesca Francia Mariam Alicia Utonium, but I called her Bliss for short. (Memory Professor puts her headband on her head) Oh, she truly was the perfect little girl. Sweet... (Memory Professor, wearing a baseball hat, throwing a baseball that Memory Bliss hits with a baseball bat that destroys a building.) strong... (Memory Professor sits next to the side of Memory Bliss putting an science equation E=MC2 together completing it and they hug.) ...and incredibly smart. She was my favorite little girl. (Memory pauses again)
Buttercup: Favorite? Bliss is your favorite kid?
Professor: Sweetie, I don't have favorites. (laughs nervously and stops) Anyways... (memory plays again as Memory Bliss is teleporting randomly as Memory Professor looks at this worried) All the time, her powers started to evolve. (Memory Bliss teleports next to a flower vase as it falls and breaks on the floor.) But not always for the better. (Memory Bliss cries as her emotion-mixed power makes the entrance of the house explode.) Any emotion. (Memory Professor play talks with puppets tickling Memory Bliss with one making her laugh as her power comes back and destroys the exterior of the house under the windows.) Or mad. (Memory Bliss and Memory Professor are shown in the hall whew she drew pictures on the walls with him pointing her to go to her room making her mad, her power coming back for the third time, making the back of the garage explode.) It caused her to lose control of her powers. (The inside of the house is Halloween decorated as Memory Bliss is sitting on the couch, the Professor coming out from behind it wearing a monster mask growling at her making her scream in fear, her power coming back for the fourth time.)
Memory Professor: (Fearfully) No! Wait, wait, wait! (The back of the house explodes and back in with a teary-eyed Memory Bliss and a remorseful Memory Professor as they hug.)
Professor: She was scared. I was scared. (In the kitchen in memory during breakfast) It got right to the point where things at any moment could go horribly wrong.  
Memory Bliss: I want milk. 
Memory Professor: O-okay, honey. O-okay.  
Memory Bliss: (Voice) (Her power coming back for the last time) I want milk! 
Memory Professor: BLISS, NOOOO!
Memory Bliss: I WANT MILK! (The roof of the house explodes as well as the house, the Memory Professor waking up from the debris of the destroyed house.)
Professor: And when I came too, she was gone. (Memory Professor walks over picking up Memory Bliss' headband in his hand.) I assumed the worst. 
Memory Professor: Nooooooooooo! 
(Memory flashback ends)
Professor: (Crying as well as the 3 Girls who are sad)
Blossom: Aw, Professor. 
Bubbles: We're so sorry. 
Buttercup: (crying; punches Bubbles)
Bubbles: (Crying) Ow! 
Buttercup: Stop crying, Bubbs. 
(All of them recover)
Professor: Girls, I am so happy Bliss is home, but I won't lose her again. That is why she must stay in the stasis field until I'm certain her powers are under control. (Serious) I won't rest until I've helped her. Nothing will distract me. (Doorbell rings), excited) Ooh, my Ham of the Month Club delivery! (Excited singing and dancing out of the lab, the door closing)
Bubbles: I always wanted a big sister. Maybe she can teach us about boys. 
Blossom: Or how to drive a car. 
Buttercup: Or how to hit a boy with a car. 
(Floating to the stasis bubble around Bliss)
Blossom: I wonder if her powers are really as dangerous as the Professor says they are. 
(Bliss and MIH wake up scared, Bliss screaming as Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup scream as well. All 4 of them continue screaming as Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup hug each other, MIH screaming after they stop. Bliss punches every side of the stasis bubble trying to get out but can't, stopping.)
Bliss: I'm trapped! Let me out! 
Blossom: WE CAN'T. THE PROFESSOR SAYS YOUR POWERS ARE DANGEROUS! 
Bliss: MY POWERS ARE DANGEROUS. THAT'S WHY YOU SHOULD LET ME OUT! 
Blossom: THIS DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE! 
Bubbles: WHY IS EVERYBODY YELLING?! (calms down) Oh, 'cause we're fighting like a real family. 
Blossom: We're sisters, Bliss. Why would you want to leave when we just met you? 
Buttercup: Yeah, does Blossom smell that bad? 
Blossom: Hey! 
Bliss: (Rapidly) No, no, no, you-you don't understand. Let me explain. (memory flashback) A long time ago, the Professor made me. I was the Perfect Little Girl. Sweet, strong, and incredibly smart. (memory paused)
Buttercup: (Voice) We heard that part already. 
Bliss: (Voice) Uh, okay. (memory flash-forward)
Memory Bliss: I WANT MILK! (Same memory before the Professor's story of what happened before it ended happens again and stops at the entire exploded house and debris.)
Bliss: My powers were too dangerous. I destroyed everything I touched. And if I stayed, I just... (Memory Bliss zips away as the Memory Professor wakes up) I could never hurt the Professor ever again. So I ran away to a place where my powers would never be a danger to anyone, (A beautiful place is shown as Memory Bliss arrives and stops there walking towards it.) a deserted island covered in beautiful obsidian and lush vegetation not that you'd ever notice. Bird Poop Island. I made the island my home. (Memory Bliss' power explodes as the trees are burned and charred) And it didn't matter if I couldn't control my powers because I was all alone. (A trunk noise is heard from behind Memory Bliss as she turns around to look.) But I wasn't lonely for long because someone very special came into my life. 
Buttercup: (As a sasquatch, leprechaun, and a brick with glasses landing on the sasquatch's head appearing at the same time.) A sasquatch, a leprechaun, and a brick? With a devil-may-care attitude. Chi-chi-chica. (Memory paused)
Blossom: Buttercup, let her tell the story. 
Buttercup: Fine.  
Bliss: (Holding MIH) That's when I met MIH. (MIH yawns and blows his trunk) My pet elephant.  
Buttercup: And MIH is best friends with the brick that (Blossom, annoyed, looks at her) has a devil-may-care... Chi-chi-chica.  
(Memory plays again)
Bliss: MIH didn't care if I (Memory Bliss hugs MIH close to her her power returning, not destroying anything this time, but only as a fire explosion.) couldn't control my powers. (Memory Bliss, a bit shocked, smiles, MIH happily blowing his trunk)
(On the beach)
Memory Bliss: (Voice, throwing a stick) Go get it, boy. (MIH gets the stick and goes back playfully as they continue)
Bliss: MIH and I were the best of friends. We spent many years together on the island, now we had so so much fun, (Memory Bliss transitions to a teenager) but as time went on, I couldn't help but think about home. (Memory teenage Bliss sighs as a light shines) And the Professor.  
Memory Teenage Bliss: (Gasps as she sees the shadow in the light take shape of the Professor, looking behind herself.) Dad? (The light goes away as the shoadow is revealed to be just a bald eagle on a rock volcano which screeches and flies away as Memory Bliss is a bit shocked and looks to MIH who blows his trunk, as the both of them hug.)
Bliss: With MIH's support, I decided to go back to Townsville just to make sure the Professor was okay. (Memory teenage Bliss zips back home and sees Bubbles through the window as they both look at each other.)
Bubbles: Huh?   
Memory Teenage Bliss: Huh?   
(Memory ends, back to reality.)
Bliss: But now I realize it was a mistake. You have to let me go!   
Bubbles: (Softly spins to the stasis bubble) You can't leave. You're family.   
Bliss: Family?   
Professor: (Voice, shown) Sorry, girls. There was no ham.   
Mojo Jojo: (Pats the Professor with his toy gun) Yes, it is true. Mojo Jojo is not ham. But Mojo Jojo is (makes a creepy handsome face) handsome. And Mojo is here to destroy...   
Bliss: Mojo?   
Mojo Jojo: Bliss?   
Blossom: (Rapid talk) Wait, wait, wait. (Stops) You guys know each other?   
Bubbles: (Stars for eyes) Ooh, is Mojo our sister, too?   
Mojo Jojo: (Laughs playfully) You girls forget (Bubbles hugs the toy gun) Mojo used to be the Professor's lab assistant. You see, (Memory flashback) the Professor made the Perfect Little Girl... (memory paused)
Buttercup: (Voice) Ugh, heard it.   
Mojo Jojo: Oh. (Memory fast-forward) Yeah, okay. (Flash-forward memory stops as Mojo, as a young monkey, sitting next to a young Memory Bliss, putting E=MC2 together.) Bliss was Mojo's best friend.
Young Memory Bliss: (Zips to the kitchen) Ooh, I want cereal. (Voice) Aw, there's no milk. I WANT MILK! (The same emotion-mixed power and explosion from the Professor's memory of her happens off-screen.)
(Young Mojo Jojo looks out from a wall of the destroyed house watching as Young Memory Bliss zips away.)
Mojo Jojo: Mojo was sad to see Bliss fly bye-bye. (Young Mojo Jojo drops a letter dice from his mouth as present-day Mojo Jojo takes the memory land rips it apart like a piece of paper and throws it away.) Now Mojo sees his best friend. Here, but has most, on, curse on enemies. 
Bliss: Enemies?
Mojo Jojo: Yes. (his hand above a lever) Join your best friend forever, forever!
Professor: NOOOOOOOO!
(Laughing, Mojo switches the lever, his hand ready to get Bliss, but the garage opens instead.)
Mojo Jojo: Oops.
Professor: (Clears his throat) It's the other lever.
Mojo Jojo: (Walking over and stops at the right lever) Oh, so silly.
Professor: (Voice) Yeah, I get that wrong all the time.
(Mojo switches the right lever.)
Professor: NOOOOOOOO!
(The stasis bubble disappears releasing Bliss.)
Mojo Jojo: (While Bliss' power comes back) Now, come to me, Bliss!
Bubbes: Bliss, we're family. Let us help you!
Professor: Bliss, I can help you!
(All 5 of the people Bliss cares about overwhelm her as her power merges getting stronger and dangerous.)
Bliss: Oh-oh, no! My powers are too dangerous. (Uses her purple streak to flip the switch turning the stasis bubble back on screaming exploding the wall behind her.)
Bubbles: Bliss is gone!
Mojo Jojo: Gone? But I thought we were friends. (Bows his head bowed down sadly) Did those patty cakes not mean anything? Now Mojo's too sad to fight today. (Puts his parking ticket up in the same manner) Now, if you would validate Mojo's parking, he'll be on his way.
Buttercup: Dude, we don't have a valet. Did you give your car, too?
Mojo Jojo: (Gasps) My minivan! (runs away, hooting)
Bubbles: I can't believe we lost our sister.
Blossom: I'm so sorry, Professor.
Buttercup: Wait, where;s the Professor?
(Clinking is heard.)
Blossom: The kitchen. (She, Bubbles, and Buttercup zip out the lab door to the kitchen, seeing Bliss.)
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: (Gasps) Bliss?
Bliss: Oh, hi, guys.
Blossom: You're still here.
Professor: (Walking over) Yes. We talked it over and she decided to stay.
Bliss: Yeah, I just thought that maybe I'd give this family thing a try. And maybe together, we can figure out how to control my powers. (In the cereal, MIH blows his trunk) I mean, if you don't mind having a big sister. (Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup zip into her as they hug each other.)
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: YAY!
Bliss: (Nervously) Uhhhh... (calms down and hugs them as well, her power destroying every entrance part of the house) My bad.
(Episode ends)