(Theme Song)
(Buttercup and Maylyn come running into Midway Elementary School, skating)
Buttercup:  (Lands on a student's head, hitting him) Huh! (Lands on the hallway right next to Maylyn) Yeah!
Maylyn: First one to math class gets the title of baddest girl in school!
Buttercup: Huh! And I get to call Blossom a nerd?
Maylyn: Huh! You’re on! Later, loser! (Skates ahead)
Buttercup: (Like a rail, she skates over a student's back into the air in the school) Head's up! (As students scream and run out of the way, her skates slice a paper mache head with the version's likeness of Barry on the floor)
Barry: (Walks up, looking at this) Oh, no! My life-size paper mache self-portrait! Aw, now what am I gonna bring for show and tell? (Maylyn skates in, slicing the head in half as she and Buttercup skate together, the classroom's door wide open in front of them.) (Buttercup playfully elbows Maylyn hard as Maylyn does the same, and they continuously do it.)
Buttercup: Take that!  (The two of them fall as a ball rolling fast to the front of the door, and they stop, laughing, but they stop as Ms. Keane appears at the entrance.)
Ms. Keane: (Straight, but stern) Buttercup!
Buttercup: (Looks up at her) Huh?
Ms. Keane: (Soft, but still stern) You are not to come to this class ever again!
Maylyn: (In awe) Whoa, finally. You're not even in the room, and you're already banned for life? You truly are the baddest girl in... (Gets interrupted by Ms. Keane)
Ms. Keane: Honors Math.
Maylyn: (Shocked) Honors Math?!
Buttercup: Honors Math?
Blossom and Bubbles: (Voice) Honors Math?
Buttercup: (Skates a little bit to her sisters) Oh, hey, guys.
Maylyn: (Close to Blossom next to her) Nerd.
Blossom: Oh, thank you. 
Ms. Keane: (Singsong) Congratulations, Buttercup! (Normal voice) You tested into Honors Math!
Buttercup: (Calm, but still shocked) I did?
Blossom: Wow. Well, Buttercup, I have to say I'm pretty surprised. But these years have happened. Now, let's go. (Floats down a little bit, taking Buttercup's hand, floating away) Don't wanna be late on our first day of Honors Math. 
Ms. Keane: (Stops Blossom in her tracks) Her first day. Blossom, you're in regular math with everyone else.
Blossom: (Gasps in shock) Everyone else?!
Bubbles: Hey, I'm with everyone else. (Makes a big smile as Blossom weighs down like a heavy barbell onto the floor still in shock) (Dragging Blossom, who's on the floor with scratch marks in front of the door) Let's go. Time to fill our heads with numbers.
Ms. Keane: (While walking in from the hallway) Come on, Maylyn, class is about to start.
Maylyn: (About to skate into the room, but stops outside the door) Whoa, wait a second. (Turns around) If you're in Honors Math now, do I still call Blossom a nerd? Are you a nerd? (Her face turns into confusion) Oh, man, I am so confused.
Buttercup: It's just a stupid class. I'm still the baddest girl in school. It's not gonna change my image. (In the Honors Math classroom as a male teacher puts a paper crown with a math symbol on her head as the students keep repeatedly saying "Math Queen" and they stop.)
Male Teacher: Every time a mathmagician is added to our ranks, they get to wear the math crown.
Buttercup: Need to or have to?
Male Teacher: (Laughs) You're too kind. (At the chalkboard) So why don't you use your mathamagical wand and solve for x.
Buttercup: Hm. No thanks.
Pimple Faced Boy: Hey, the mathamagical wand is actually your pencil. My pencil chose me. We've been through many mathamagical battles together. Why, it was just the other day... (Buttercup stops him)
Buttercup: (Annoyed) Can you just like... not?
Light Brown-Skinned Boy: Ooh, ooh, I know the answer. (Wipes his nose) 8!
Girl With Braces: 3.56.
Brown-Haired Boy: (Unintelligible words come out as the number 12 in subtitles appear and every single student keeps shouting out)   
Buttercup: 5!!! The answer is 5, people!
Male Teacher: Correct. Would you like to tell the class how you got that?
Buttercup: Uhhhhh... I just did it in my head or whatever.
Pimple Faced Boy: You didn't even use your mathamagical wand?! (All the kids in the class whisper and talk in awe)
Buttercup: (While moving around her pencil) Yeah, well, you know. (The kids continue saying "Math Queen" as she sees Maylyn skating by in front of the door, but she stops to see the paper crown on Buttercup's head, as Buttercup looks at it on her head, and takes it off forcing a smile, as Maylyn looks at her suspiciously skating her way out, her head bending sideways, and leaves, the smile still on Buttercup's face, and she drops the look, throwing the crown away, which goes into the garbage. The chant continues as the scene transitions back to the Powerpuff Girls' house, while the Professor and Bubbles are saying the same thing, with Buttercup getting annoyed, stopping it.) STOP SAYING THAT!!
Professor: Oh, Buttercup, we're just so proud of you, honey.
Buttercup: (Groans in annoyance) This is lame! Isn't Bubbles the computer geek?
Bubbles: Buttercup, there is a large difference between computer science and math. (Shows a coloring of a rainbow) Allow me to illuminate.
Buttercup: (Zaps the coloring with laser vision, turning it to ash) No. Bloss, help me out here.
Blossom: (With a crazed face surrounded by paper and books) I can't. This true math queen is studying to retake the quizlet exam. I'm sure there was a mistake. Ask me anything, ANYTHING!!
Bubbles: What's 2+2?
Blossom: (Still has the same crazed look) 4!! IT'S 4!! DID YOU SEE HOW FAST I ANSWERED THAT?! I"M ON MY GAME, (Has an even crazier face) I'M ON MY GAME!!! (Breathes, stressed out)
Buttercup: Yikes. See? We already have one nerd in this family! 
The Professor and Blossom: Thank you.
Buttercup: Can I just be the tough one like I'm supposed to be?
Professor: Buttercup, remember, you define yourself. And who's to say you can't be good at 2 things? Why, back in my day, I used to be an organic and inorganic chemist. Oh, people didn't know what to do with me. (Laughs as he hits the table, as Buttercup sighs in annoyance, with transitions starting in bed and in the car, as the laughing dies down, stopping as he wipes his eyes.) Organic and inorganic. Well, I was a man with a foot in two worlds. (Sighs) Have a great day at school, girls.
Blossom and Bubbles: Bye, Professor. (Both of them fly out of the car at a tiny fast pace)
Buttercup: Uh, wait, Professor, I can't go to math today.
Professor: You can't?
Buttercup: 'Cause, uh, the teacher hates greens, says my hair sticks up too much, and... and I can't see because the board is too far away.
Professor: Hmm.
(The school doors open alerting the students, with Buttercup at the entrance with her hair short like a boy's and her cowlick sticking out in the back, wearing big, blue glasses, a green business suit with a light yellow skinny rectangle detail in the middle, which is close to the bottom of the suit, with a white detail under her neck lastly with a red tie, holding a math book in her right arm.)
Professor: All better now. Love you, pumpkin. (Drives away)
Buttercup: Well, that backfired. (The same kids who were in the same classroom from the day before continuing the "Math Queen" chant come up to her, who gets annoyed.) WHY DOES EVERYONE KEEP CHANTING?!  (Maylyn and the other Derbytantes skate up to her as well as Buttercup looks up at Maylyn)
Maylyn: Said it wouldn't change your image, huh?
Buttercup: I...
Maylyn: Come on, Derbytantes. First one to lunch is the baddest girl in school. (Skates off) And I get to call Buttercup a nerd. (She and the other Derbytantes skate away, laughing)
Buttercup: THAT IS IT! (Throws the math book in the garbage) I hate stupid math! (Floats out) I'm never gonna do it again.
Barry: (Walks up to the trash) THAT IS IT! I hate stupid show and tell projects! I'm never bringing radioactive erribulium to school ever again. (Drops the said object into the trash on top of the math book as it merges together as it  slowly, more like quickly, turns the school into a grid.) Yikes! (Runs away)
Bubbles: (As Buttercup floats over to her and Blossom while they're eating burgers) Buttercup?
Blossom: Ooh, I like the new look. (Barry runs through the cafeteria screaming)
Bubbles: Wow. Barry is really struggling with that show and tell.
(The grid continues to extend as the kids, including Buttercup, Bubbles, and Blossom, in the cafeteria fall onto the grid floor.)
Pimple Faced Brown-Haired Boy: Ooh, sloppy joes. (About to put it in his mouth, but he falls on the floor of the grid as well) Aw, man.
Blossom: Hey, what's going on?
Eyesoceles: (Laughs evilly as he walks in) I am Eyesoceles! I am here to take your stupid, messy human society and organize it into one method equation!
Blossom: But why?
Eyesoceles: So that there will be order in the universe!
Maylyn: Hey, Butlyn, friend of yours? (Laughs)
Eyesoceles: SILENCE! (Shoots a beam at Maylyn and turns her into a number 8)
Maylyn: Oh! My skates! (Eyesoceles turns 3 other children into the pi number 3.14 as all the other children run and scream)
Mayor: (Walks in) Hey, has anyone seen my puppy? (A beam hits him turning into number 9) Hey, I'm a number 9! (Turns upside down) Hey, I'm a number 6!
(A puppy is shown and Bubbles floats down to him as he is turned into an acute angle and barks)
Bubbles: Oh, my, what a cute angle! Oh! (Looks at it distractedly as a beam hits her turning her into a 0) Uh-oh.
(3 kids get turned into 6x2 and a 4th kid gets turned into a number 7 as all of the kids, excluding Buttercup and Blossom, float into Eyesoceles, who turns bigger.)
Eyesoceles: I am now the most complicated equation ever! Unsolved by any pathetic human brain.
Blossom: Unsolvable? (Blows her tongue) Time to prove who's the nerdiest girl in school is. (Zips to him)
Buttercup: (Shouts out) Please do. 
Blossom: I'll solve you in a fraction of a second. Hmm. (Looks at the math equations in him as she gets nervous and pressured, she still regains little confidence in her voice) Um... 6? 
Eyesoceles: Wrong. 
Blossom: What? (She gets zapped as well turning into a 0) (As she gets absorbed), leaving only Buttercup) Give me another chance! 
Eyesoceles: What about you? You think you're gonna use your stupid puny brain to crack this equation? 
Buttercup: I will definitely crack this equation. (Takes off the glasses and shakes off her styled hair which goes back to it's normal size) With my fists! (Tries to fly over and punch him, but Eyesoceles stretches his arm punching her all over, as she falls onto the floor with scratches on her face)
Eyesoceles: (Laughs) Physical effort is no match for Eyesoceles! You'll have to use your tiny little brain. 
Blossom: Buttercup, the only way to stop him is by solving the equation! 
Bubbles: You can do it. You're in Honors Math! 
Pimple Faced Boy: That's right. You're the Math Queen. 
Honors Math Class: (Chanting "Math Queen")
Buttercup: All right. If it's the Math Queen you want, it's Math Queen you'll get. (Takes out a pencil and the same paper math crown) It's time to nerd out! (Flies over closer to him and stops)
Eyesoceles: Prepare to meet your dividend, little girl, and I'll (Puts his arm up with a math equation on his hand) make sure it is show my work. 
Buttercup: Time to solve for x. (Looks at the equation in order and writes a visible 4 with the pencil and punches the number to Eyesoceles' hand) 4! (His hand explodes) (He tries to punch her with another equation on his other hand) 7! (Writes a visible 7) 7! (Punches it to his other hand and it explodes as well) 
Eyesoceles: That's it! Your number is up!
Buttercup: (Writes a visible 3) 3 the sign, buddy! (Punches it to his foot, making it explode) (She writes various math signs, making him explode piece by piece until he's nothing, but a giant, small circle with one eye)
Eyesoceles: You're mean.
Buttercup: (Holding a pi sign over her head) No. I'm just good at math. Yippy-kay-yay, Eyesoceloser! (Throws the pi sign at him)
Eyesoceles: Huh. Guess you solved the unsolvable equa... (Explodes as the kids turn back into their normal selves and falls down as the cafeteria goes back to normal as they cheer)
Bubbles: You did it, Buttercup. 
Buttercup: I guess I can be good at math and punching. (Tiny cheer)
Bubbles: You're like... a mathlete.
Honors Math Class: (Chanting "Mathlete")
(Maylyn and the other Derbytantes skate up to Buttercup)
Maylyn: So you really are going by mathlete now?
Buttercup: Sometimes. Why are you so weird about me being good at math anyways?
Maylyn: Because... because... I'm just so bad at it. (Welling up with tears).
Bobbysuzyraelyn: Can you help us with our homework?
Blossom: (A little nervous) And maybe me, too. 
(Everyone chants "Mathlete")