Narrator: The city of Townsville! (Pull back a few blocks and pan slowly through the city.) Hmmm…nothing strange, weird, or out of the ordinary happening today.


(As the camera passes the library, a broad beam of energy strikes it from above. Stop when it is just out of view.)


Narrator: (startled) Huh?!


(Pan quickly back to the library, which is hit by a quick flash of the light and then disappears in a colossal explosion that turns the whole sky red. From here, quick pan to Pokey Oaks Kindergarten, where the sky is still clear. Close-up of one window, with Ms. Keane and several kids watching the explosion in wide-eyed shock—its reflection is visible in the glass. Turn up to the roof as the girls smash out through it and fly off to investigate.)


(Cut to the mall, an energy beam falling on it from the heavens. The girls fly into view and up o.c. to trace it to its source. The camera turns up slightly to follow them, and an explosion and cloud of dust mark the end of the quaint and happy consumer palace. Cut to the girls in outer space, still following the beam up from Earth.)


Blossom: I see something… (They stop short.) …huge!


(Cut to a pan across the surface of some metal-and-glass structure. It takes several seconds for the girls to come into view, floating at a distance from the camera and in front of an enormous glass dome. The camera pulls back in four large steps to show the entire thing, which turns out to be a truly gargantuan spaceship. At this distance, the girls are not visible even as specks. The craft has two front domes, positioned to either side of center.)


(Back to the scene. They float before the craft, their mouths hanging open and their eyes bugging out in complete disbelief. A round emitter dish extends from the underside and aims at them.)


Bubbles: It…it’s gonna fire at us! What are we gonna do?
Buttercup: There’s only one thing we can do.
Blossom: Right! On my mark.


(On each of the next three lines, cut to a close-up of the speaker and pull back. Each has one hand raised and glowing in her own color.)
 
Blossom: Powerpuff…
Bubbles: …Starburst…
Buttercup: …Ray! (Pull back to frame all three.)
Girls: Go!


(They point their hands ahead of themselves, firing beams that converge on a point just o.c.)


Blossom: (suddenly surprised) Huh?!


(Cut to the emitter, from which a beam is emerging. Backup units on either side fire two additional beams, and the three merge into a single broad beam. On the girls’ end—the camera pulled back to show their own beams joining in the same fashion, much as in the bridge scene of “Town and Out”—they are completely at a loss.)


Blossom: How did it know?!


(In a longer shot of the face-off, we see the two beams canceling each other out at a point about halfway between the girls and the emitter. After a moment, the ship’s beam starts to overpower the girls’ and push it back. When it hits them, there is a blinding flash and they are knocked screaming away to drift o.c. There is a crash of bodies against metal, and the camera cuts to the girls plastered against the surface of a satellite. After a moment, they come to and pull free for another go as the ship approaches.)


Buttercup: We gotta think of something fast!
Blossom: Wing plan R!
Bubbles: But we only use that when—
Blossom: It’s “when,” right now! Assume positions!


(Buttercup “lies down” on her back, her legs straight out in front of her body. Blossom removes the belt from her sister’s dress by sliding it down past her feet, without unfastening it. Bubbles is at a distance from these two. She bends over and puts her arms straight up, and the belt is stretched like a rubber band and one end of the loop placed in each of her hands. Blossom and Buttercup pull back on the center part to create a makeshift slingshot.)


(Now Blossom removes her hair bow. The knot at its center opens up to reveal a small screen inside, on which the number 10 appears. As she gets it loaded into the slingshot, with Buttercup holding the belt taut, a piece of equipment extends from the craft’s underside. This consists of three arms in a row. The left and right ones are joined by a band of material that looks very much like the belt.)


Buttercup: (pointing) Look!


(The center arm grabs the band and hauls back on it, and a thinner arm emerges from within to place a bow like Blossom’s within this second slingshot. The knot is open and the screen blank, but the number 10 appears on it. We now hear the beeping of an electronic timer, and when the camera pulls back, we can also see that the two slingshots are aimed directly at one another.)


Bubbles: What do we do now?!
Buttercup: I don’t know, but we better launch this thing fast!


(On the end of this line, cut to a close-up of the girls’ projectile, its screen counting down from 4 to 3. Pull back. Blossom and Buttercup let go of the belt, launching the payload, and a moment later the ship does likewise.)


Blossom: Run for cover!


(They zip away, ducking behind the satellite, and peek out to watch. The two bows approach in slow motion. When they collide, there is the blinding flash of an explosion and the view changes to a close-up of the girls. They are disheveled and covered with soot, and moving quickly through space while holding on to the satellite. Or rather, a piece of the satellite, as revealed when the camera pulls back from them—the rest has been obliterated by the combined blast of the two explosives when they collided and detonated.)


(They let go, the wreckage floating away, and stop. In a shot from behind them, with the ship moving in once again, Blossom’s hair is seen to be without its clip—perhaps blown loose by the force of the blast.)


Blossom: Girls, I’m afraid there’s no choice but for…Plan XQ!
Buttercup: Are you crazy?!
Bubbles: It hasn’t been tested yet!
Blossom: You got any better ideas?!


(A rumble from the general direction of the ship causes the other two to look up at it in fear, and a shadow falls across all three.)


Bubbles: (small voice) Uh…no.


(Cut to Blossom, putting on a new bow and with her hair clipped back again.)


Blossom: Good. You know the procedure.


(The three join hands in a triangular skydiving formation—now Buttercup’s belt has been replaced—and start to spin like a merry-go-round stuck in fifth gear. A spot of light appears at the center of the formation and starts to grow; cut to a close-up of each girl in turn. As they whirl, the centrifugal force writing itself across their straining faces, two shadowy duplicates of each emerge and move to the sides of the screen. Pull back from the circle, the light still shining within it—and a second, larger circle turning around the same spot.)


(The light explodes to fill the screen. When it clears, we see empty space, with Buttercup dropping into view and seven duplicates falling in above her. The same happens with Blossom and Bubbles in turn. All are smiling, but Bubbles’ face suddenly goes slack with shock.)


Bubbles: Oh, no!
Girls, duplicates: (now all shocked) It predicted us again!


[Animation goof: Each girl now has only five duplicates instead of seven.]


(Quick pan to the ship, with a couple of duplicates of its own above it, and pull back to show a total of fourteen extras in a triangular formation. Energy beams flash among them, forming a network and finally shooting toward the girls as three blasts in their respective colors. The three groups take a direct hit. The duplicates vanish, and the genuine articles go into a nose dive. They begin to glow upon contact with the Earth’s outer atmosphere and plunge toward Townsville, trailing thick black smoke. A distant point on a city street becomes ground zero, with a mushroom cloud rising from the horizon.)


(Cut to an overhead shot of the girls, flat on their backs, and pull back into the sky on the next line. The camera rotates during this movement, which ends to show them at the bottom of a very large crater.)


Blossom: (woozily) I think we’re in trouble. (Inside the crater. Buttercup sits up.)
Buttercup: That thing knows everything we’re gonna do! (Bubbles sits up.)
Bubbles: Before we do it! (Blossom stands up.)
Blossom: Maybe we need some— (Bubbles gasps, shocked.)
Buttercup: Don’t say it! (Long pause.)
Blossom: (resignedly) —help.
Bubbles: NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!


(She claps her hands to her face and sobs silently for a moment.)


Blossom: This alien force is the most evil of all the evils we have encountered. And if we don’t stop it, it will surely destroy us all. And the only way to stop it is to think like it does. Evil! So we must enlist the aid of the most evilest of evil minds.


(Cut to Miguel’s Market, a store in a rather battered section of Townsville. Through the window, the silhouettes of Mojo Jojo and another individual can be seen.)


Mojo: FOOOOLLLL!!


(Cut to inside; the other individual is a red-haired, bucktoothed, rather apathetic clerk behind the counter. Mojo brandishes a banana at him.)


Mojo: All the fruit is bruised! (holding up an egg) Look at this egg. Look at this egg! (holding up a loaf of French bread) And this French bread is too hard!
Clerk: (Mexican accent) No comprende.


[Note: This is grammatically incorrect. In Spanish, “I don’t understand” is “No comprendo.”]


Mojo: Firm it is supposed to be, peon, but not as firm as this! Therefore it is too firm, and I won’t pay!


(The clerk stares back at him for a long moment before his mood changes to one of anger at Mojo refusing to pay for his groceries.)


Clerk: (angrily) What you mean you won’t pay, man?! Just ’cause you’re a supervillain, you think you can waltz in here and not pay?! (Another silent moment.)
Mojo: Yes.


(He uses the bread to sock the clerk over the head twice, laughing after each strike. The young man, the loaf sitting on his head, has now had quite enough of this humiliation from Mojo.)


Clerk: You are an evil man-like creature. (Cut to just behind him, facing Mojo.)
Mojo: Me? I am not just evil. I am extremely evil! I am the most evil of all evil beings! Nothing is more evil!


(The sound of the girls approaching and crashing in is heard o.c.)


Blossom: (from o.c.) You’re right!


(The camera shifts to show her standing across the store from him, and he turns toward her in surprise. Another shift: all three girls are on the scene, and he has turned his back to them.)


Mojo: Powerpuffs! Don’t interrupt me being evil!
Blossom: We don’t want to. We want you to be evil.
Mojo: (turning to them) What?
Clerk: What?!
Blossom: (nervously) Well, uh…we…need your help, Mojo.
Mojo: Me? Help you? Ha!
Bubbles: (sweetly) Please, Mr. Mojo?


(Mojo cannot figure out what to make of this for a moment, but his mouth finally turns up into a smile, with his lips caught between his teeth to stifle a gale of laughter. He gradually loses control of it, first snickering and then giving full voice to his feelings.)


Buttercup: What a jerk! (She flies to him.) Look. There’s an alien force that’s attacking us.
Mojo: So?
Bubbles: (flying over) It’s going to destroy the world!
Mojo: Good! Where is the bad in that?
Blossom: (flying over) Well, if the world is destroyed, then you’re destroyed.
Mojo: (deflated) Oh.
Buttercup: So we need you to help us.
Mojo: But—how?
Bubbles: (now with elbows propped on his head) By helping us to think evil.
Blossom: And if we can think evil, we’ll be able to anticipate what evil the evil alien force will be thinking of.
Buttercup: So are you gonna help us or not?


(Mojo turns this over, using every gray cell under his braincap.)


Mojo: No! I cannot help you!


(On the next line, the camera cuts back and forth between the sidewalk, with the group looking anxiously out the window, and various sections of the city. Shadows fall over all the buildings and people as the sky turns blood-red. Dexter is one of the onlookers.)


Blossom: If you don’t help us, that alien force will come down here and destroy everything in the evilest way imaginable.


(Ground-level view of the red sky, with clouds boiling and spreading across it. A fireball emerges from these and streaks through the city to blow a building into dust. Other shots rip into a street, and one more hits in the midst of a group of buildings, sending out a shock wave that causes them to collapse as if they were made of Tinkertoys.)


(Inside the store, Mojo and the girls stare out the window in stunned silence. The glass is suddenly blown in by the shock wave.)


Mojo: (giddily, eyes tearing up) Beautiful! It’s so evil! It’s even more evil than… (He trails off.)
Blossom: You?
Mojo: No! No! No, no, no, no, no, no, no!


(All three girls take on a goading tone—the sort used when one kid dares another to do something, then calls him a chicken if he declines.)


Blossom: I can understand if you’re scared, Mojo. I mean— (as more fireballs hit buildings) —it’s awfully evil and powerful and—
Buttercup: —it’ll probably be pretty hard to battle what could be the most powerfully evil being in the universe.
Bubbles: And we wouldn’t want you to be replaced as the world’s evilest villain.


(All this gets to Mojo. He sweats nervously and thinks out loud.)


Mojo: (softly) Hmmm…destroy?…replace?…destroy? (addressing girls fiercely) Okay! I’ll destroy it from destroying the world! Then I will destroy the world! And then you will know who is the evilest!
Blossom: Great! What do we do first? (Extreme close-up of Mojo.)
Mojo: Well, first, in order to be evil, you have to look evil.


(As he says this, pull back to show him now standing in his lair. Through the windows, we see the ravaged city. Sounds of destruction are heard throughout the following scene. Cut to the girls, who are now wearing smaller versions of Mojo’s braincap.)


Mojo: (from o.c.) Good!
Blossom: Uh…Mojo…don’t you think—
Mojo: (popping up across from them) Patience! The next step in being evil is being mean.


(He produces a small squeaky toy—a rabbit—and sets it on the floor near Bubbles. Close-up of it, then cut to the girls. Buttercup scowls in its direction. The others react more happily.)


Bubbles: Awww, isn’t it cute?


(Stomping and crushing sounds are heard o.c., and she screams in terror. Cut to Mojo, gleefully reducing the rabbit to scrap under his boots, then to a very distraught Bubbles.)


Mojo: (from o.c., reaching into view with it again) Okay, you try.


(He drops it on the floor next to her. It now possesses only a battered semblance of its original form. This time, she cries hysterically and goes over in a dead faint. On the next lines, the lair shakes and bits of debris fall from the ceiling.)


Blossom: Mojo, can we please—
Mojo: First, you have to be mean.
Buttercup: Oh, for crying out loud! (She stomps the rabbit.) There!


(Bubbles sits up, looks at the remains, and keels over again. Buttercup takes notice of her sister's second fainting spell with a look of surprise before it cuts back to Mojo.)


Mojo: Good!


(The observatory exterior, with the telescope re-positioning itself.)


Mojo: (from inside) All right. Now let’s see this alien force!


(His perspective through the scope: the ship closing in. Back to the group. Bubbles has come around, the girls no longer wear their braincaps, and the explosions outside have stopped.)


Mojo: Wow. No way! 
Girls: What? What?


(His telescope perspective: the craft is now much closer, and the glass domes in front glow white and emit beams. Pan to a nearby dam, the target. As Mojo speaks, the beams wreck the dam and a torrent of water floods the area, reaching a power plant.)


Mojo: By blasting the dam, he’s gonna send a wall of water rushing to the nearby power plant, causing the uranium rods to topple into the reactor core, causing… (The plant explodes into a mushroom cloud.) …total meltdown!


(Back to him and the girls. Once again he looks as if he is about to cry.)


Mojo: Beautiful! You are a worthy opponent, Mr. Spaceman. (saluting) I salute your villainy!
Girls: Mojo!
Mojo: (snapping out of it) Oh. Right. (peering into scope) Now, let’s see.


(His telescope perspective: the ship has stopped firing and starts to close in once more.)


Mojo: Ooh, you little rascal! (Back to the lair interior.)
Girls: What’s it doing?
Mojo: Cheese.
Bubbles: It’s doing cheese? (Mojo slaps a hand to his face in disgust.)
Mojo: No! You must gather all the stinky cheese you can gather!
Buttercup: But what—
Mojo: JUST DO IT! (The girls take off. Cut to them in flight.)
Bubbles: I think Mojo’s lost it.


(They approach a factory—Stinky Cheese Inc.—and make a beeline for the roof.)


Buttercup: I don’t think he ever had it. (They crash in.)


(From-the-ground view of the sky, with the ship moving into view. It stops, and a hatch opens on its underside to release a shaft of light and a small, disk-shaped craft. This follows the light and lands in the middle of the street. Now a hatch on the ship’s upper surface opens, shooting a shaft of light toward the moon and launching a second craft. This one also follows the light and embeds itself in the moon’s surface.)


(Back to the observatory exterior, then to Mojo at the scope.)


Mojo: Ah, yes. He’s doing just as I knew he would do!


(Cut to the unit in the street, which extends clamps from its lower edge to dig into the pavement and a magnet from its upper portion. The magnet points into the sky and starts to glow.)
 
Mojo: (voice over) A traction unit attached to the Earth will activate a magnetic device, which will magnetically induce magnetism— (The unit on the moon, an identical magnet extended and starting to emit rays.) —which will simultaneously be reciprocated by the moon unit— (Pull back into space. The rays connecting Earth and the moon.) — creating a magnetic beam between the two points—


(Now Earth swings around the moon to stop near the sun.)


Mojo: (voice over) —resulting in a re-positioning of the Earth! (A large iceberg, the sun shining behind it.) So that the polar icecaps are closer to the sun, causing the frozen wasteland to totally… (Melting icicles.) …melt down!


(The thawing continues. Behind a sheet of ice, an elephant’s trunk begins to break loose. Other parts of the creature’s body are seen—legs, body, eyes—and the hair on them gives it away as a woolly mammoth. As the ice continues to crack, one eye pops wide open.)


Mojo: (voice over) Unleashing…


(One foot kicks free, and the camera cuts to ground level and turns slowly up from the feet to the head. The mammoth is now completely out of the ice and lets loose a low trumpet.)


Mojo: (voice over) …a woolly big problem!


(Snap to black.)




Part Two