Ms. Keane: (voice-over) The city of Townsville is a place where you can be anything you want to be. (Cut to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten.) And that's what we'll be learning about today on Career Day.


(Dissolve to her at the front of the classroom, to the sound of applause. On the chalkboard behind her are the words "Career Day Today" in big printed letters. Also on it are a smiley face and Buttercup's name with a check mark next to it, in the upper left corner.)
 
Ms. Keane:  Good morning, boys and girls, and good morning to our parents too.


(Her students are seated on the floor, as are their parents.)
 
Kids, parents: Good morning, Ms. Keane!
Ms. Keane: Boys and girls, we're going to be learning about careers today. A career is what you do for a living when you're all grown up. And to help us out, some special grown-ups, your parents, are going to talk to us about what they do for their career.


(Near the end of this line, the camera shifts to show near her a squat little boy and his equally squat father, who wears a white apron and a paper cap - he looks very much like the hot dog vendor from "Insect Inside." From here, cut to a few other parent-child pairs, including Mary and her mother and Hanout and his father.)
 
Ms. Keane: (from o.c.) You'll see that different grown-ups have chosen different careers. (Back to her. She leans down toward the kids.) It all depends on what you want to do. Now, boys and girls, do any of you know what you want to do when you grow up? (raising her hand) Raise your hands if you do.


(The hands of several kids and a couple of the parents go up.)
 
Ms. Keane: Well! A lot of you have an idea for what you want to do, and that's great. (Close-up of a few puzzled kids, She continues o.c.) And many of you don't know yet, and that's okay too. (Long shot of her in front of the group.) Maybe after hearing some of our parents talk about what they do, you guys'll be inspired to make some career choices of your own. Our first parent is - 


(Dissolve to the exterior of the school.)
 
Voice: (Indian accent, slow and deep) Boys and girls...


(Cut to Hanout's father at the front of the room - he is the speaker.)
 
Hanout's father: ...hello. My name is Mr. Anoush. (Close-up of Hanout. He continues o.c.) I am Hanout's father. (The boy beams. Back to him.) I work in insurance. My company insures buildings in Townsville against damage. (Pause. He blinks during this, possibly knowing that the Girls keep him very busy with all the damage wrought on Townsville during their various battles.) I am a veeeeeery busy man. (Applause.)
Ms. Keane: Well, thank you, Mr. Anoush. And next up is...


(Cut to the Professor, seated in a small chair next to the girls.)
 
Ms. Keane: (from o.c.) ...Professor Utonium. (Applause.)
Bubbles: You're up, Professor!


(He gets up and steps to the front of the class.)
 
Professor: Um, hello. I'm Professor Utonium. (gesturing to girls) And I am Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup's, uh, father. And, uh, creator. (They beam at him. He clears his throat.) I'm a scientist. I invent things. In fact... (reaching o.c.) ...I brought in something I recently invented to show you.


(He pulls a squarish object covered with white cloth into view. The cart's wheels shake and grind against the floor as he does so. Close-up of it. He has one hand on the cloth.)
 
Professor: (from o.c.) Presenting my newest invention...


(He pulls the cloth away, revealing a square black frame with several oddly shaped devices pointing toward its interior.)
 
Professor: (from o.c.) ...the Time Portal!


(The devices all swing out, and the now unobstructed frame comes to life and fills with static - now it is a viewscreen. Pull back. Everyone is staring at the invention with complete awe.)
 
Kids, parents: Oooooh!
Professor: In my long career as a scientist, I'd say the Time Portal is my greatest... (looking toward girls) ...well, second greatest invention ever.


(Cut to outside the classroom window.)
 
Professor: (through the window) You know, kids, when I was your age, I never really thought I'd grow up to be a scientist.


(Head-on view of the sidewalk by the building. Mojo Jojo walks along, carrying bags of groceries, and passes the window. We can no longer see directly inside.)
 
Professor: (from inside, through the window) In fact, science was something that just didn't interest me at all. (Mojo stops short upon overhearing this. His eyes pop open, suddenly interested in what he just overheard.) Yes, if things kept going the way they were...


(Back to inside the room. Mojo is now standing outside the window.)
 
Professor: ...I might never have gone into the scientific field at all.


(Back to Mojo on the end of this line. He throws his groceries aside and presses his face to the glass, deeply interested in hearing valuable info he could use against the Girls. Cut to behind him. Again we see the group.)
 
Professor: (through the window) But one day, something happened that changed my life.


(Back to inside the room. As the Professor continues, Mojo sneaks out of sight.)
 
Professor: This one strange incident occurred when I was still a lad.


(We hear a door open, and the camera shifts to just behind Mary.)
 
Professor: It inspired me. Motivated me. (Mary is dragged o.c., with Mojo's hand over her mouth. He has ambushed and mugged her while everyone else wasn't looking.) Moved me... (Close-up of him.) ...to get into science and create the Powerpuff Girls! ...Well. Now let me show you how this thing works.


(Pull back. Now he is leaning toward some of the devices protruding from the frame of the Time Portal.)
 
Professor: I'll set the Portal for the sixteenth century.


(Close-up of the bottom left device and follow the Professor's hand as he operates four in line. The markings: "YEAR 1564," "MONTH 6," "DAY 12," "HOUR 12." After this last, turn down to the viewscreen, still filled with static. Cut to the Professor's hand as he lifts a pincer on an extendable arm into view.)
 
Professor: (from o.c.) And I'll use this special tool... (Pull back. He extends it, camera following.) ...to reach into the Portal...


(The pincer disappears into the static. Cut to a chamber in which a man wearing a feathered hat sits writing at a desk. A woman stands near him. Both are dressed in the style of the Renaissance, and the room is appropriately furnished. A small distortion forms in the upper left corner. The pincer extends out of this. It snatches the man's hat and quickly pulls back.)
 
Renaissance man: (German/Austrian accent) Mein hat! (The distortion disappears.)


(Back to the present: a close-up of the Time Portal. The tension on the pincer's arm suggests that the Professor is having a little trouble reeling in his prize.)
 
Professor: (from o.c.) Whoop! Got something!


(Pull back. Now he has the hat in hand and is chuckling and showing it to the class.)
 
Professor: Looks like someone's gonna need a new hat!


(Close-up of the controls again. The Professor reaches toward them.)
 
Professor: (from o.c.) Let's try a more recent date, like... (pulling DAY knob) ...yesterday.


(Cut to the kitchen in the girls' house. The Professor is reading the paper and seated at the table; Blossom and Buttercup are sitting to his left, eating breakfast, while Bubbles does the dishes. The car keys are on the table, to the Professor's right.)
 
Blossom: Hey, Professor! What are you gonna do for Career Day tomorrow? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?


(As she pesters him, the pincer reaches into view unnoticed and grabs the keys. When she quiets down, he lowers his paper and shoots her a stern, secretive smile.)
 
Professor: All right, time for school.


(He feels on the table where the keys were. Their absence surprises him. Back to the present: he is still holding them in the pincer and looking down at them thoughtfully.)
 
Professor: Hmmm, so that's where they went. (dropping them) Well, are there any questions?


(Pull back to just behind where Mary was sitting. Mojo is now wearing her dress, and he raises his hand.)
 
Professor: Yes, you in the back row.


(In a head-on view, we now see that Mojo has donned the girl's glasses as well. When he speaks, he adopts a rough approximation of her voice - back up to "Ice Sore" or "Mojo Jonesin'" to hear it. He continues in this manner until otherwise noted.)
 
Mojo: Um, Professor Utonium, I have a question.
Professor: Yes, Mary?
Mojo: Golly, I was just wondering...um...
Professor: Go on. Don't be shy.
Mojo: Well, can you set your machine to any time?
Professor: Certainly. (indicating controls on the left side) That's what these knobs are for.
Mojo: And any place?
Professor: (walking to the right side of Time Portal) Well, yes. These knobs over here determine the spatial coordinates.
Mojo: (easing up to the front of the room) Gee! So that means you could even set it to the exact time and place where you experienced the incident that got you interested... (Pan to the Professor. He continues o.c.) ...in science in the first place?


(Blossom, Bubbles, and the Professor seem a bit uneasy at this particular line of questioning now. Buttercup still seems at ease and is paying attention to the presentation.)
 
Blossom: (jumping up) Professor?
Professor: Yes, Blossom?
Blossom: Well, I wanted to ask - 
Mojo: (from o.c.) Excuse me, Blossom. (Pan quickly to him.) But I was not finished with MY QUESTIONS!!!


(He breathes hard for a moment and sounds as if he is about to blow his cover. Everybody looks nervously at him.)
 
Ms. Keane: Blossom, Mary's right. Let her finish... (Back to Blossom. She continues o.c.) ...and then you can ask your question.


(The camera follows Blossom as she sinks angrily to the floor and sits next to her sisters.)
 
Blossom: Hmph!


(Back to the front of the crowd. Mojo is even closer to exposing his own charade.)
 
Mojo: Professor! Can you set it to that particular time and place?
Professor: Um, yes.
Mojo: Can you do it now? (His perspective.) Right now?!
Professor: Sure.


(He swiftly adjusts the controls, shifting from one side of the Time Portal to the other as he does so. Finally, he presses a button on the top corner and turns to Mojo. The camera has now shifted to just behind the man's shoulder.)
 
Professor: Done!
Mojo: (lowering glasses) It's set, then?
Professor: (sweating) Yes! Is that all, Mary?!


(Mojo now returns to his normal voice. He has ditched the glasses.)
 
Mojo: Yes! That's all, Professor Utonium!


(He laughs and tears away Mary's dress, revealing his identity. Now he leaps toward the front of the room.)
 
Girls: Mojo!


(He dives past the Professor and disappears into the static on the Time Portal's viewscreen before anyone can even attempt to stop or intercept him, which promptly goes dark. All the controls fold back in, except for one small square piece low on the right side. Close-up of this: it is a small window that reads "VACANT" initially. This switches to "OCCUPIED," much in the fashion of an airplane lavatory or on the door of a portable restroom.)


(The girls fly straight at the Time Portal, but crash into it without effect. All three start assaulting the apparatus - Blossom with her eye lasers, Bubbles with punches, Buttercup with attempts to pull the controls out.)
 
Blossom: You come back here!


(The Professor walks up behind them and restrains Blossom. The other two continue for a moment as he speaks.)
 
Professor: Whoa, girls! (gesturing to the one control) See that? It's occupied. (Cut to the girls, now backed up. He continues o.c.) Right now it's transporting Mojo Jojo into the past... (Pan to him.) ...which is a little more complicated than transporting a hat or a set of keys, so it could take a little longer. Really, I'm not even sure if he'll survive. It could be a rough trip through the...


(He walks o.c.. Cut to the girls, who look a bit apprehensive now.)
 
Professor: (from o.c., ominously) ...fifth dimension!
Girls: The fifth dimension?


(He walks up to a maze and holds up a white mouse as he continues.)
 
Professor: Yes. That's how the Time Portal works.


(Overhead view of the mouse now in the maze.)
 
Professor: (from o.c.) Imagine this mouse... (Head-on view of it and him.) ...trapped in a two-dimensional maze. (picking it up) With no idea there's a third dimension that it can move in.


(Close-up of the mouse as it is set down by a piece of cheese in the opposite corner of the maze. It begins to nibble happily.)
 
Professor: (from o.c.) Yes! (A chalkboard diagram.) So do we find ourselves... (Pull back. He is in front of the class.) ...in a four-dimensional world, seemingly trapped by space and time.


(Back to the board. The camera moves to another diagram in the opposite corner as he continues.)
 
Professor: (from o.c.) Unless by moving in the fifth dimension... (Pull back to show him again.) ...we can overcome these limitations and, in theory, travel through time. Well, we should know pretty soon if our monkey friend survives his trip... (Zoom in on the Time Portal.) ...through the fifth dimension!


[Note': This explanation is very similar to the working of the "tesseract" in the Madeleine L'Engle book A Wrinkle in Time.]


(The scene cuts to Mojo rocketing down a square corridor. He has his hands clapped to his eyes in terror, and his color is entirely gone - the entire scene looks as if it was constructed from pencil drawings on butcher paper. He uncovers his eyes to see what is around him. Now his lips peel back from his teeth as if he were riding a high-speed roller coaster. He screams weirdly and is pushed o.c., his legs flailing beneath him.)


(Now the view shifts to outside the corridor, which is made of square frames and spirals off into the distance. He hurtles through at an insane velocity, screaming all the while, and is finally ejected from its end toward a slowly rotating spiral in an endless black void. He floats above this for a few moments before being sucked into the vortex, which is reflected in his eyes. As his cries reach a new plateau of hysteria, the camera zooms in on one eye, whose pupil resolves into a square - the "OCCUPIED" window of the Time Portal. A sudden silence, and it switches to "VACANT.")


(Pull back. Now we have returned to the present. The other controls begin to extend themselves from the frame again now that the portal is useable.)
 
Professor: Ah! Looks like he made it. (Cut to Blossom by the Time Portal as the rest of the controls finish extending outwards again.)
Blossom: All right, Professor. (The viewscreen fills with static.) We're going in!
Buttercup: (from o.c.) Yeah. (Pan to her and Bubbles.) We'll bring him back before he can do any damage!
Professor: Oh, I hope so. (pacing) Messing around in the past could have a major impact on our present reality. (looking back at girls) Yes, you'll have to be careful as well, girls, not to affect anybody or anything. That means no superhero stuff. (His perspective of them.) I mean it! If anyone in the past saw you flying or using your superpowers... (Back to him.) ...that could have consequences as drastic as anything Mojo might cause.
Blossom: (saluting) Aye-aye, Professor. No superpowers.


(The machine kicks into gear again.)
 
Blossom: Okay. Come on, girls. Hold hands.


(Bubbles takes one of Buttercup's hands. Blossom reaches for the other. Side view of the Time Portal, with Blossom floating right in front of it.)
 
Blossom: Here we go!


(They enter. The camera pans right slightly to show the butcher-paper view inside. Bubbles looks back over her shoulder. Her next line starts off sounding normal, but her words become distorted as she is pulled in.)
 
Bubbles: Bye-bye, Professor. (Head-on view of him from inside.)
Professor: Good luck, girls.


(His image recedes from view, and the girls hurtle down the corridor toward the camera. They pass it, and after a long moment, the scene shifts to an ordinary hallway, the camera pointing up toward the ceiling. A square distortion opens between the fluorescent overhead lights, and Mojo floats slowly out of this before tumbling headlong to the floor. The colors seem a bit washed out compared to what we know of him and Townsville. When he stands up, we can see a notice on a bulletin board behind him, with 1959 written in big numerals at its top. Judging from this fact, he has gone some four decades into the past.)
 
Mojo: (woozily) Whoa...what a trip! Hmm? (turning to board) What's this?


(He stands in front of the notice, which bears the words "1959 YEARBOOKS SIGN UP!" Now we know that the scene is a school building.)
 
Mojo: 1959?! Ha-ha! It worked! Now, where is he?


(He starts off down the hall, which has lockers on both sides and a banner for that year's homecoming strung up at the end. A voice brings him up short - it is a teacher addressing her students.)
 
Teacher: (from inside the classroom, through the door) Okay, I'm going to start this movie. (Cut to a door next to Mojo.) Everybody in their seats? (Zoom in slowly.) Good. Mr. Utonium, can you please get the lights?


(A set of footsteps, the door's window goes dark, and the footsteps recede. Now a flickering light is seen - the movie projector has started up. Cut to just inside the door. Mojo hauls himself into view, wearing an expression of demonic glee. Snap to black.)
 
 
Part Two