(Theme Song)
(The episode starts at a fair at the outside entrance of City Hall)
Robot Hologram on PA: Welcome to Towntopia. Welcome to Towntopia. Welcome to Towntopia.
The Mayor: Greetings, world citizens! I am simply pickle tinked (laughs and eats a pickle) to welcome citizens all over the planet to Townsville. The official host of the Towntopia Fair, the Town of the Future! (The crowd cheers) (We are now brought to The Girls as the screen goes to their view for a close-up)
Bubbles: Hi! I'm Bubbles Utonium. If you need help getting anywhere, just ask me.
Bliss: And I'm Bliss, superhero at your service.
Blossom: I'm Blossom, and... (Screams as Buttercup punches her out of the way)
Buttercup: And I'm Wheelz. (A background appears with the said name) I run fast, like I got wheels. 
Blossom: (Annoyed) Buttercup.
Buttercup: (Yells) Wheelz! With a Z! I'm reinventing myself for the international stage.
French Man With A French Hat: (French accent) Oh. WheelzTres bon!
Dark Red-Haired Woman: Is good!
The Mayor: Here at Towntopia, we have everything from around the world to celebrate the technology of tomorrow! From Brazil, self-dancing samba shoes.
Barry: (wearing said shoes) It's all in the hips.
The Mayor: (A robot cat appears) From Japan, an auto-scheduling kitty bot.
Auto-Scheduling Kitty Bot: Me-ow. Your 2:00 o'clock appointment is running 5 minutes late. (Schedulebot appears)
Schedulebot: Schedulebot knows he should feel competitive, but he thinks he is in love. (A mechanical heart filled with mechanics appears)
The Mayor: (The Professor appears) And from Hollywood, a rollercoaster that only goes up.
The Professor: Oh...
The Mayor: But best of all, we have a gift that will take us right into the future! From our very own Powerpuff Girl, Bliss! (Bliss appears right next to The Mayor)
Bliss: Thanks, Mr. Mayor. Straight from outer space, this little device, is called a Gleep-Flurp-Zerbom-3000. (There are cricket sounds being heard while there is silence in the crowd) But we at the Universal Protection Bureau, just call it a Buggly.
Crowd: Oh! Yah! Much easier to pronounce!
Bliss: It's super simple to use! (She puts it in her ear) Just put it in your ear, and tell it what you want! Buggly, get me a slice of pizza. (A pizza slice appears and she eats it) Mmm, pineapple! (The crowd cheers)
Buttercup: That Buggly is really something Wheelz could roll with.
Blossom: Whoa, getting pizza whenever I want will really free up space in my brain to overanalyze every interaction I have! (Jared appears and walks to Blossom)
Jared: (To Blossom) Oh, hi, Blossom.
Blossom: Hiya, Jared! (gasps)
Blossom's Thoughts: "Hiya, Jared?" What was that? Just say "Hi" like a normal person! 
The Mayor: Bliss, this is spectacular! Aww, if only everybody could have one.
Bliss: No problem, Mayor. Buggly, multiply. (Multiple Bugglies appear on the ears of the crowd)
Crowd: Ooh!
Ms. Keane: Buggly, get me a cup of coffee! (A styrofoam coffee cup appears and she grabs it) Whoa!
Old Man: Buggly, get me some pants! (They appear on his legs) Oh, yeah, skinny jeans.
The Mayor: Buggly, get me a... (laughs), dare I say it? Get me a golden pickle! (A giant pickle of gold appears and he eats it and gets stuck in his pickle-sized throat) Buggly, get me an ambulance. (he groans and falls on the ground)
(At night, all 3 Girls, Blossom, Buttercup and Bliss laugh wearing their Bugglies, except Bubbles holding her Buggly in her hand with a screwdriver in her other hand)
Blossom: Bliss, these Bugglies are great.
Bliss: Thanks. We use them a ton at the Universal Protection Bureau.
Blossom: I can see why. The possibilities are endless. Buggly, get me a Penguin Pete's soy wheat grass ice cream smoothie with extra chai! (The said smoothie appears in her hand and she drinks it)
Bubbles: But, Blossom, why don't we just go to Penguin Pete's? It's right here. (She mentions the said ice cream store as it appears) 
Blossom: Yeah, but it's so much easier with the Buggly. (gasps)
Blossom's Thoughts: Did I say that sentence weird?
Buttercup: Buggly, get me a Wheelz hat. (The said hat appears on her head with rock music playing) Yes!
(Bubbles is looking at her Buggly using the screwdriver)
Bliss: Hey, Bubbles, why aren't you wearing yours?
Bubbles: Oh. I'm just interested in how the Buggly works. It's particle movement abilities are really something else.
Buttercup: Well, all I know it's given me everything I've ever wanted and more. Buggly, get me a pie. (The pie appears in her hand while she's holding Mojo Jojo in her other hand) Now call me Wheelz!
Mojo Jojo: Never! It's a stupid name! (Buttercup shoves the pie in his face) Fine. Wheelz. (Buttercup smiles) Stupid name. Stupid...
Buttercup: (Rock music continues) Yeah! It's Wheelz for the win! 
Blossom: (Hears warbling) What's that noise? (The warbling sound blasts all 4 Girls as a shockwave as they scream which hits buildings causing all the lights to go out in Townsville with The Girls and Bliss on the sidewalk where they fell from it) Wh...? What's happening?
Elderly Guy: It's the end of the world!
Adult Teenager: Don't worry, I can fix this. Buggly, can you give me a flashlight? (His Buggly stays silent and doesn't do anything because it doesn't work) Buggly? Buggly? Buggly, I need you!
Adult Teenage Woman:  (Tapping on her Buggly) Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
Bubbles: Someone must have set off an electromagnetic pulse to knock out all the power.
Blossom: Who would do such a thing?
Bliss: (laughs maniacally) I would. (disappears)
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: Bliss! Huh?
 (Bliss appears on all the TVs especially in the windows which has TVs and laughs maniacally before transforming into Silico who, after all, started all of this)
Silico: Hello, girls.
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: Silico!
Buttercup: What did you do with Bliss, ya geek?
Silico: Oh, nothing. Nothing at all. I knew you would trust your big sister. So, I took her form to give everyone in Townsville my latest weapon.
Bubbles: Weapon?
Silico: That's right. The Gleep-Flurp-Zerbom-3000. ! (The cricket sounds are heard and silence come again) The Buggly.
The Girls: Oh. yeah, right. The Buggly.
Bubbles: I knew something with such a cute name had to have a catch!
Buttercup:  Ehh, not to worry. Leave it to Wheelz. Buggly, smash Silico. (Her Buggly stays silent and doesn't do anything because it doesn't work) Buggly? Buggly?! Come on! (Tries shaking it, but it stays quiet)
Silico: (Laughs maniacally) You'll find out that yours don't work anymore. Everyone else, on the other hand, theirs work quite well. Thanks to the Buggly, everyone in Townsville has now been programmed to destroy you. 
Brown-Skinned Old Guy With Glasses: What did the...? (he, the other people, the Auto-Scheduling Kitty Bot and Schedulebot get mind-controlled)
Schedulebot: Time for destruction.
Auto-Scheduling Kitty Bot: Meow.
Silico: (Laughs maniacally) I win. (The TV's turn off as the mind-controlled people and 2 robots are about to get them)
Bubbles: Run! (She and her 2 sisters fly into the sky)
Buttercup: Wheelz don't like this.
Bubbles: Oh. I wish the Professor was here so he could help us.
(The scene switches to the Professor who is still on the rollercoaster going up)
The Professor: Oh, this is gonna be great! Ooh!
(The scene switches back to the 3 Girls)
Blossom: We're gonna have to do it without him. Let's start searching. (Screams as a building is shot down by Ms. Keane)
Ms. Keane: Oh, girls! Time to teach you a lesson. (Tries to shoot the 3 Girls)
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: (They scream as they avoid it which hits another building)
Bubbles: That was close!
 French Man With A French Hat: (French accent) Buggly, exploding croissant! (It appears, bites off the tail and throws it as the 3 Girls scream as it explodes and they fly away to the City Hall)
The Mayor: Buggly, pickle blaster! (shoots it at The Girls who scream as they fall in a garbage bin)
Blossom: This is horrible! We can't find Silico if we keep getting shot out of the sky!
Buttercup: And the Mayor burned my Wheelz hat off! How is anybody gonna remember what to call me know?
Blossom: Will you stop trying to make people call you Wheelz?! 
Buttercup: It's Wheel-zuh! With a Z!
(Blossom and Buttercup hit each other with their eyes closed and heads turned away)
Bubbles: Stop it! Hey! Guys, stop it!
Bliss: Hey, guys! Surprise!
Bubbles: (Gasps) It's Silico!
Blossom: Get him!
Bliss: What? (stops her 3 sisters by putting them in a big blue beam from her hands) Ah! What are you guys doing? I'm not Silico.
Blossom: Yes, you are!
Buttercup: (She scoffs) You can't fool Wheelz twice! I'm always spinning.
Bubbles: If you're Bliss, prove it!
Blossom: Yeah!
Buttercup: Yeah! Wheelz!
Bliss: Um, I'm currently suspending you in midair using energy blasts that come from my hands.
Blossom, Bubbles and Buttercup: Huh, good point! (Bliss makes the beam disappear as they scream and hit the ground)
Bliss: What's going on? I just came here for Towntopia.
Blossom: Silico took over the town. We gotta stop him, but he's shut off all the technology.
Bliss: Hmm. There is no way Silico would be out of power. Where's the one place that still has electricity?
(The scene switches to a building who still has power with the mind-controlled townspeople who have weapons guarding it)
Blossom: Silico must be in there. But all the townspeople are guarding it.
Bliss: We need a plan.
Bubbles: I have just the thing.
Blossom: Bubbles, how did you get your Buggly to work?
Bubbles: I reprogrammed it. If I can get this device on Silico, I think I can stop him.
Blossom: But we still gotta find a way past the perimeter.
Blossom's Thoughts: Perimeter? Is that the right word? I mean, it's a library.
Bliss: Don't worry! I got this. (Encases herself and her 3 sisters in a blue beam and transports all 4 of them into the library) Let's move before Silico...
Silico: Finds out? (Blasts the 4 Girls who are in a pile of books and the scene shows that he is in the top platform with electronics) Oh, look. All the Powerpuff Girls in one spot. Now I can destroy you all at once.
Buttercup: I don't think so.
(All 4 Girls fly up)
Blossom: You're going down, Silico!
Silico: It is you who is going down. (Presses tablet) Cannon! (A cannon appears and starts shooting at The Girls)
Blossom: I got it! (Makes a pink net and catches the bullets) Yah! Yah! 
Bliss: Nice catch! Batter up! (Her blue beam appears from her hands and sends the bullets to Buttercup)
Buttercup: Get ready for a grand slam! (Turns into a green baseball bat) Ha! (Hits the bullets aiming for Silico, but he catches them in a baseball glove)
Silico: Strike three, you're out! 
Buttercup: (flying straight for Silico) The game's not over yet! 
Silico: Ha. Wall! (A wall appears and Buttercup hits it, her head sticking out) Crumble! (Buttercup and the wall fall to the ground)
Blossom:  No, you crumble! (She and Bliss punch Silico who crashes into the electronics) 
Silico: You're gonna have to do better than that. (Bubbles appears next to him)
Bubbles: How about this? (Puts her Buggly on SIlico's ear)
Silico: Huh? 
Bliss: Bubbles, you did it! (Silico laughs maniacally)
Silico: This doesn't affect me. (The Girls and Bliss gasp) Do you think I can be undone by my own creation? (Throws it into a wall and it breaks) 
Bliss: It didn't work!
Silico: No, but this will. (Presses the tablet and a giant bomb appears)
The 4 Girls: Huh? (The bomb lands on top of them as it counts down while Silico is watching them holding a tablet)
Silico: So long, Powerpuff Girls. (A rocket pack appears on his back and he flies away leaving them to die)
 The 4 Girls: Oh, no! (The bomb explodes the building and The Girls along with it)
Silico: I win.I win! I win! (It reveals that what just happened was just a victory dream of Silico's with the Buggly still in his ear while he is tied up in jail) The Powerpuff Girls are gone for...forever! I win! I win! (He laughs maniacally as Bubbles closes the latch)
Buttercup: Wow, Bubbs, good job.
Blossom: Yeah, you did it. 
Bliss: What exactly did you do?
Bubbles: I programmed the Buggly, so now he thinks he beat the Powerpuff Girls.
Buttercup: So, he's stuck in a never-ending dream?
Bubbles: Yep!
Buttercup: Bubbles, I mean every word of this -- I'm both impressed and terrified. 
Bubbles: Thanks! I guess. 
Bliss: By the way, where is the Professor? (It appears that the Professor is still on the rollercoaster, who is not on Earth and is in space)
The Professor: Almost to the top! 
(Episode ends)