Narrator: The city of Townsville!


(As he continues, pan across the city; we first see a freeway teeming with vehicles, including smiley-faced battering-ram tanks such as those used in “Powerpuff Bluff” and “Ploys R’ Us,” and the Mayor’s balloon from “Hot Air Buffoon” floating above with him in it.)


Narrator: A very normal city like most cities.


(Next seen is a huge creature with horns and pincers, with a woman sunbathing near it and taking no notice, then a card game in the park. The players are Fuzzy Lumkins, the Talking Dog, Abracadaver only his hand is visible, sticking up from the ground with his cards and an extra one up his sleeve and a gigantic lizard whose upper body is cut off by the top edge of the screen.)


Narrator: And like most cities, Townsville even has its own resident superheroes.


(By this point, the camera has passed the card game and moved on to some kids playing in the park. The girls fly into view in the background, with Mojo Jojo’s observatory telescope tracking their movements. An alien sits in a flying saucer in the fore, and a second, in a trenchcoat, walks toward the craft.)


Narrator: Why, there they go right now. Let’s follow them, shall we?


(The camera does so, panning across the subdivision and stopping on their house as they fly in through the front door. Zoom in slowly and dissolve to the living room, where the Professor sits at one end of the couch and reads the newspaper. The zoom continues for a few seconds more; then the girls crash down on the couch’s free end, launching him up to hit the ceiling.)


Girls: (excitedly) Professor, Professor! It’s time, it’s time!


(On the end of this, cut to his end, putting them o.c.' He falls back to the couch, the paper’s pages scattering all around. The front-page headline can be seen: “SHANK BURNS OUT!”)


Professor: (panicked) What? It’s time?! Oh, batten down the canned goods! Everyone to the shelters!


(The girls have calmed down; Buttercup picks up the TV remote control.)


Blossom: Not that time, Professor. It’s time for the most important newscast of the year!


(On the end of this, pan quickly to the TV, which promptly comes on. A wireform picture of the globe appears against a blue background as an announcer’s voice begins to speak. He sounds very much as if he would be at home calling a WWF match; during the opening part of his spiel, the view zooms in on the TV until the blue field fills the screen. White stars are now visible on either side of the globe, which is at top center.)


Announcer: Welcome to CTN’s live coverage of…


(As each of the following four major words is spoken, it slides into view on the screen, its first letter slides up until it is superimposed on the globe, and the rest of the letters fade away. The four letters form a row. Appropriate heroic music and sound effects accompany this entire sequence.)


Announcer: …the Association…of World…Super…Men…


(Lightning cracks across the screen; when it fades, there is a white bolt behind the letters and partially covering the globe. The group’s logo has now been completed.)


Announcer: …Super Summit…


(As he says these two words, they back away from the camera to reach their position just below the globe, clanging into place.)


Announcer: …2000!


(The four digits drop into view from the top of the screen to form this number; each one clangs into its position to complete the title screen. Back to the family.)


Girls: Awesome!


(On this line, a word balloon with the AWSM acronym appears briefly above their heads. The Professor eyes them with some small befuddlement, which gives way to a humoring smile.)


Blossom: It’s so exciting! The world’s greatest superheroes all getting together for a super-special meeting! (All three girls talk excitedly for a moment.)
Professor: (chuckling, reading paper) Oh, right. Time for your annual superhero hero-worship silliness.
Blossom: (saluting) Major Glory is the most American American of all times.
Bubbles: Mucho Muchacho es muy guapo.
Buttercup: And Mandingo’s the bomb!
Bubbles: Think they’ll invite Krunk this year?
Buttercup: Nah, he’s too stupid. (Blossom shushes them both; Bubbles’ pigtails jump briefly.)


[Note: Translated from Spanish, Bubbles’ line is “Mucho Muchacho is very handsome.” Also, “Mandingo” was the title of a 1975 “blaxploitation” movie based on the novel of the same name. Finally, regular viewers of Dexter’s Laboratory will recognize Major Glory and Krunk as two of the three heroes featured in the Justice Friends segments.]


(Back to the TV screen. An anchorman sits at the news desk. Next to him is a graphic of a white domed structure high on a snow-covered mountain peak.)


Shaquille: I’m Shaquille Silverstein, and I’ll be bringing you all the latest on the AWSM event, live from CTN headquarters. We now take you live to News Copter Five and our correspondent, Maria Guadalupe O’Flanagan. Maria?


(Cut to inside a helicopter hovering in the mountains. A woman clad in a fur coat, gloves, and sunglasses addresses the camera, microphone in one hand and the other cupped to her ear. She sounds very much like the sort of journalist who does entertainment “puff pieces” as a full-time activity. This is Maria. As she speaks, the scenery behind her starts to scroll until the white structure becomes visible, and several figures fly toward it.)


Maria: Thanks, Shaquille. I’m here live, high above Mount Neverest, the world’s tallest summit for the world’s super-est summit, where the world’s most elite heroes discuss the most secret of super issues. As you can see, many heroes are arriving as we speak. (Back to the news desk.)
Shaquille: Heroes confirmed in attendance include such international favorites as…


(Cut to London, where a clock tower is chiming.' A figure files into view and darts about the screen during the next line.)


Shaquille: (voice over) A monument to the timeless strength of the British Empire…


(The figure lands; it is a tall, muscular man with a very large chin and the Union Jack emblazoned on his sleeveless blue outfit. He wears a monocle, a lace ruff at his neck, a red cape trimmed with white fur, a small black derby and boots, and white gloves. He flexes his muscles for the camera.)


Shaquille: (voice over) …Big Ben.


(Cut to a white field with a large red dot in its center. A black silhouette rotates within it as the camera zooms in.)


Shaquille: (voice over) Japan’s perfect upgrade of man and electro-cellular micronet enhancements…


(The silhouette becomes partly illuminated in blue as a dial-up modem makes itself heard and circuit pathways are superimposed in black over the view. A flash; now the Rising Sun design is seen in the background as a bolt of lightning cracks down. When the screen clears, a blue-clad man poses heroically. He has spiky blue hair, circuit pathways traced in white on his outfit, and a yellow E on his chest.)


Shaquille: (voice over) …E-Male.


(A tropical river at sunset; a figure clad in black, yellow, green, and red emerges and flies up as the report continues.)


Shaquille: (voice over) The Caribbean crusader, the Atlantean lion…


(Close-up of the flying individual in midair.' We now see that the wears a yellow lion’s face attached to a red crown as a sort of visor. His outfit is green, yellow, and red; the black is his long beard and dreadlocks. Now he is seen on the ground, striking a pose.)


Shaquille: (voice over) …Yahmon.


(A red field is now seen, with an M being cut into it from behind and the scraps falling away.)


Shaquille: (voice over) The most machismo for your peso…


(Extreme close-up of a broad smile, then pull back as the next name is spoken. The smile is part of a face with a black goatee and long, thin mustache. This person is dressed as a Spanish swashbuckler: billowy white shirt open to show plenty of chest hair, long red cape and green mask, sword in hand, appropriate pants and hand/footwear.)


Shaquille: (voice over) …Mexico’s Mucho Muchacho.


(“Driver’s seat” view of a desert landscape, zooming toward a mountain.)


Shaquille: (voice over) The sentinel of the savannah…


(Now at the base of the mountain, the camera moves quickly up to its peak, where a tall black man in a green cape is standing. He wears a collar of light-colored fur, with matching accents at his wrists and ankles. At this distance, we can make out red tights and mask and some gold items—bracelets worn along with the fur, and a belt and close-fitting necklace.)


Shaquille: (voice over) …Africa’s monarch of might…


(The figure leaps off the mountain and flies about, moving close enough to the camera to give a good view.)


Shaquille: (voice over) …Mandingo.


(A slightly bulgy red field with a white star is seen next; as Shaquille continues, Asian individuals of various occupations float into view away from the camera and disappear into the star. The camera pulls back slowly during this sequence to reveal this field as being worn on a broad chest above a white belt.)


Shaquille: (voice over) Channeling the collective manpower of the world’s largest nation…


(Pull back farther; now the whole figure is seen. This is a muscular fellow in a red shirt and pants, with a matching mask and a hat similar to those used by the Chinese military. He also wears black slippers of the sort Bruce Lee used when fighting.)


Shaquille: (voice over) …Moo-Shu-Gai Man. (He flexes as stars erupt behind him.)


(Close-up of a boomerang in a gloved hand; on the next line, this is thrown, sailing out and then returning.)


Shaquille: (voice over) Throwing all the shrimps on the barbie…


(The boomerang is caught, the camera pulling back to show the thrower. It is a man dressed in khaki bush shirt and shorts, with leather accents and boots. He wears an “outback” style hat as well, and a small brown mask. On his chest are the letters “DUM.” He stands against a view of the Australian landscape at twilight and tucks the boomerang into his belt next to another one.)


Shaquille: (voice over) …Australia’s Down Under Mate.


(Back to the news desk.)


Shaquille: Now we take you to our man live on the scene—Fredrico Chang.


(Cut to a walkway just outside the mountaintop structure. We hear a cheering crowd o.c. and see a camera crew in the background. In the fore is a trenchcoat-clad man, microphone in one hand and the other to his ear. This is Fredrico, who sounds rather like Maria in terms of delivery.)


Fredrico: Thanks, Shaquille. I’m here live at the very top of Mount Neverest, in the courtyard of the Rotunda of Seclusion—the most well-known secret lair in all of superdom.


(On the end of this line, start to pan away from him. Now the various heroes from the preceding montage, along with others, are seen shaking hands among themselves; photographers snap pictures from all sides. One of the attendees is the Tiki Torch, a supporting Justice Friends character—powerfully built, Polynesian skin tone, no clothing except a loincloth, flaming tiki god mask on his head. Another is Valhallen, the third leading member of the trio.  Tall, broad-chested, with long blond hair that sweeps down over his eyes. He wears a headband marked with V’s to keep it in check, along with a torn black T-shirt and matching pants. His boots are gold and adorned with V’s, and he holds a “Flying V” guitar in one hand as he shakes with Yahmon. Studded black wristbands and belt complete the rock-star ensemble.)


Fredrico: (from o.c.) There’s a buzz of excitement as longstanding members and newcomers alike meet and greet— (Stop on Mucho Muchacho and Big Ben.) —while they await the arrival of… (The two stop and look o.c.; a photographer pops up and aims his camera that way.) …wait a minute.


(Pan quickly to a patch of clear sky, with the sun shining down. A red, white, and blue figure starts to descend.)


Fredrico: (from o.c.) Could it be?


(As it drops further, we can see that it is Major Glory. For the uninitiated: very well built; proud carriage; cape with red and white stripes; arms and legs of outfit in white; chest, gloves, and boots in blue; white star on chest; white belt with gold buckle; red tights. He wears a gold, shield-shaped mask with wings and has a very prominent chin, but not as much so as Big Ben.)


Fredrico: (from o.c.) It is! (He lands, his cape folding around him.) The AWSM’s founder and chairman, America’s favorite son, the captain of capitalism… (He strikes a heroic pose.) …Major Glory!


(Several photographers quickly crowd around and take pictures, and all duck o.c. except for one. Major Glory leans toward the camera, not noticing the one fellow. Dexter fans can guess how his voice sounds—as proud and pompous as his carriage looks.)


Major Glory: Hi, kids! Buy my action figure!


(He stands erect, facing away from the one photographer—who finally gets his picture—and walks through the courtyard. The camera follows him over to Fredrico.)


Fredrico: Major Glory! Major Glory! Could we have a few words?
Major Glory: Thank you for your adoration. But alas, it’s time to call to order… (posing) …the Association of World Super Men…. (Pull back off the mountain as he continues.) …Super Summit…


(Now the view is a very long shot of the mountain. The slope explodes, throwing debris everywhere; when the view clears, “SUPER SUMMIT 2000” has been carved out of the rock. We can no longer see him from this distance.)


Major Glory: (from courtyard, echoing) …2000!


(Fireworks go off; back to the courtyard. The two at the Rotunda’s open doors.)


Major Glory: I’m so glad you all have the privilege of recording this monumentous occasion for posterity. Now… (quickly ducking in and slamming doors) …SCRAM!
Fredrico: Well, there you have it. Live from Mount Neverest. (Back to Maria in the chopper.)
Maria: And live for News Copter Five. (Back to Shaquille at the news desk, the summit logo showing next to him.)
Shaquille: And live from CTN headquarters, that was the AWSM Super Summit 2000, live.


(As this last line is spoken, the camera pulls back to reveal the view as a reflection in the highlight of Blossom’s pupil. She sits on the living room floor, chin balanced in her hands and elbows on the coffee table. Bubbles and Buttercup are still on the couch.)


Buttercup: That was live! Live! All the way live!
Bubbles: Oh, my gosh! It’s always so exciting!
Blossom: Oh, I know. Did you see the flying in, and everyone was—
Buttercup: Yeah! And the stuff was all zapping around it—
Bubbles: And the fancy cape was all blowing—
Blossom: And did you see who else was there?
Buttercup: Oh, my gosh, yes! And, oh, you know who else?
Bubbles: Yeah! (All three lean back, drained.) Wow…phew… (Blossom sighs contentedly.)
Buttercup: Yeah.
Bubbles: What do you think they do in there?
Buttercup: You know—super stuff.
Blossom: They discuss moral issues, and world crisises, and compare crime-fighting techniques.
Buttercup: Yeah! Like body slams and windmill kicks.
Blossom: Imagine what we could learn from them! The masters.
Bubbles: I wish someday we could be good enough superheroes to be invited to a super summit.
Professor: (looking up from paper) Here, now. What’s this silliness about being good enough superheroes? You’re the best superheroes I know.
Bubbles: Oh, Professor, you’re just saying that ’cause you’re our dad.
Professor: Well, yes. But that’s not the only reason. (Blossom hops onto the couch.) I mean, goodness. I don’t know how many times I’ve heard— (imitating Narrator) “Once again the day is saved, thanks to the Powerpuff Girls!”
Blossom: Yeah, but that’s just Townsville. These guys save the whole world!
Professor: Hmmm…


(As he continues, cut to a slow pan across the group at the girls’ head level. He has his arms extended to envelop all three.)


Professor: I seem to remember three little girls who saved the whole world from being turned into dogs…and saved the whole world from outer-space invaders…why, you’ve even matched wits with the most vile, most evil…well, you know, “Him.” (Pull back to frame all four.) So I say you’re certainly good enough superheroes to go to any old summit you want.


[Note: He is referring to “Monkey See, Doggie Do” and “Monkey See, Doggy Two,” “Beat Your Greens,” and “Him Diddle Riddle,” respectively.]


Blossom: You really think we could?
Professor: Of course.
Girls: (excitedly) Can we go, Professor? Huh? Can we, please? Can we? Can we?
Professor: Of course. And if you hurry, you’ll be there before they finish roll call.
Girls: Awesome! (The “AWSM” word balloon appears briefly again.)


(The screen explodes to the sound of their takeoff, with the word “CIAO” appearing. When the view clears, the girls are gone and the Professor is coughing and covered with soot.)


Professor: (softly, out of breath) Little angels.


(A view of the world, seen from a few miles up.  On the next line, the girls take off and fly across oceans and continents toward Neverest.)


Narrator: And with that, our girls race across the globe to join the ranks of the world’s greatest heroes.


(Cut to the exterior of the Rotunda and zoom in, then dissolve to the circular meeting hall inside. Heroes sit in two rows of seats arranged around the perimeter. Major Glory stands at a podium on a small stage at the “front” of the room; behind him is the AWSM logo. A book sits before him, and he will refer to this from time to time throughout the rest of the episode.)


Major Glory: Well, that does it for roll call. I motion we proceed with— (The girls burst in through the doors.)
Girls: Hi!


(He is caught by surprise at their sudden arrival.)


Major Glory: What?…All right, who let children in here? What is this?
Blossom: We’re Blossom…
Bubbles: …Bubbles…
Buttercup: …and Buttercup!
Girls: The Powerpuff Girls!
Blossom: We’re superheroes too.
Buttercup: And your biggest fans!
Bubbles: And we want to join your ’Sociation.


(Long silence from Major Glory, after which he smirks and looks over his shoulder. The camera pans in that direction to show him eyeing his colleagues over there. All begin to snicker and laugh; back to the AWSM chairman, who then looks to his other side as the camera pans that way. The heroes over there are laughing as well. Back to Major Glory once again.)


[Note: Space Ghost can be seen among the ranks.]


Major Glory: (baby talk, stepping to girls) Oh, my stars. Isn’t that just the cutest thing? The wittle superbabies want to join the Association! (normal' voice, standing up) Well, little ladies, all superheroes want to join our Association. But we only accept the cream of the crop. Heroes with very specific super attributes, hmmm? And I’m afraid our entrance exam is extremely…rigorous.
Blossom: Powerpuffs are ready for anything!
Bubbles: Let’s do it, let’s do it!
Buttercup: Chal-lenge!
Major Glory: (chuckling) Aren’t we full of spice, hmmm? Gentlemen, shall we let the Sugarpuffs give it a go?


(Pan across several heroes, who jokingly give their assent. Stop on Valhallen, who is leaning back in his chair with his feet up on the rail. He sounds very much like a surfer when he speaks, as regular Dexter viewers can attest.)


Valhallen: Methinks that’d be most humorous. (More laughter from all.)
Major Glory: Well, ladies, my associates seem willing to indulge your requests. So…what the hey. (He laughs briefly.) On with the tests!


(Snap to black.)




Part Two