Host (Braeden): 'Sup, followers? I'm Braeden. And this is "Biomes with Braeden!" And we're talking biomes 24/7! (He grabs a guitar and flings it a few times.) Now, for you lame spaces that may not know... Lame! A biome is a large community of plants and animals that occupies a distinct region. Think, like, a desert. or your weird Uncle Ted's place. Ewww! Now for my latest purchase. Peep on this... (He picked up a Box and shows it close to the camera, we see that is a box of playset names "Build-a- BIOME-playset") build-your-own-biome-playset! It's so easy, even a baby can do it. (camera focus to the baby on the box and produces a baby-cry)
(Suddenly a pause icon appears on the screen, someone has just pressed the pause button. Cut to the kitchen, we see Bubbles is sitting on a table, she just paused the video on her computer. she bought a playset too and is working on it)
Bubbles: Yeah! Even a baby can do it! (She placed a tree on the playset but it falls down. It's clear that is not as easy as she thinks. She takes the box closely to her) I'm pretty sure this baby has a PhD.
Blossom: (taking a bowl of fruits) Oh! You're building a biome for science class? (She pours the fruits into a juice extractor) Which one did you get, Bubbles?
Bubbles: I got the tiger! (She makes a tiger howl)
Blossom: (Started the extractor) You mean the taiga? The largest biome in the world towering Russian and Canadian forests, the toast of sub-Siberid? (She takes a bottles of fresh juice to Bubbles and pours some into Bubbles' cup)
(Suddenly an egg drop quickly into view and attracted Bubbles' attention. followed by another egg and drops into Bubbles' cup, splashes the juice in her face.)
Buttercup: Too bad you're not in my science class, Bubs. We're studying the egg drop. (she let her egg drop to the table and it cracked.)
Blossom: Buttercup, the point of the egg drop project is to drop the egg without breaking it.
Buttercup: (holding another egg) Says you. (Buttercup proceeds throws the egg at the cupboard, there are already 4 broken eggs and she makes it 5.)
(Cut to Bubbles, she tries again on her project. She planted 3 trees this time. )
Bubbles: And... perfect! (The trees seems standing straight, but one second later they falls down like the Dominoes. clearly Bubbles failed again, that ruins Bubbles' mood. she asks Blossom for help) Blossom, will you help me? My biome project is due tomorrow.
Blossom: (fly into view) Bubbles, I would be honored! (she takes out her phone) I will make it my top priority after school today. (She create a task "BIOME" with a Bubbles' smile on her To-Do List. we see Bubbles is looking her full of anticipation.)
(Cut to a ringing school bell, the students are after school and ready to go home.)
Boy: Thanks for the help today.
Blossom: Bye, guys! (She closes the locker door and fly away while Ms. Keane opens the classroom's door behind her)
Ms. Keane: Oh, Blossom! Just the little over-achiever I was looking for. (Blossom flies back)
Blossom: Yes, Ms. Keane?
Ms. Keane: (Shows a poster to Blossom) Martin Beanowitz from the Bean Town Beanery is visiting the class tomorrow to talk about running a small restaurant.
(Cut to a man ---- Martin Beanowitz, he is holding a plate of beans)
Martin: Bean up, bean down, bean all 'round. Bean town. (he puts a spoon of bean into his mouth)
Ms. Keane: And you're the only student I can trust to write the speech that won't be filled with inappropriate bean jokes. Unless you don't have the time, of course.
Blossom: Consider me your number-one bean counter.
(Ms. Keane burst into laugh by this)
Ms. Keane: Now, that's a joke everyone can get behind. (realizes the word "behind' is not appropriate and denied quickly) Oh, uh, don't mention behinds.
Blossom: I'm on it! (She checks her To-Do List and add a new task "SPEECH" over the "BIOME" and left the school) 
(Cut to Blossom flying in mid-air. she is holding a notebook and a pencil)
Blossom: So, to my fellow bean lovers, I say, "Ich bean ein bean-liner." (She writes down the sentence that she just spoken) Yeah, yeah! Now I'm in the zone.
Mayor: (From off-screen) Uh, Blossom? Uh, Blossom, down here!
(Cut to Mayor's city hall where Blossom just flying past.)
Blossom: (Fly down to Mayor) What is it, Mr. Mayor?
Mayor: I accidentally gave the key to the city to my rival... The evil Baron von Mayorsly of Citytropolis!
(Cut to another Mayor, who is wearing a black cape and holding the key, evilly laughing.)
Mayor: Somebody's got to change all the locks in town. (full of anticipation) Uh, can you do it?
Blossom: Of course! Especially if it's to keep the people of Townsville safe! (She added "LOCKS" to her To-Do List.)
(Cut to the ISS control room, where 2 staff there. the woman is drinking a cup of coffee.)
Blossom: Mission Control! I got your call! What's the problem? (The ISS woman spits the coffee on the man's face)
ISS Woman: Blossom! You're just in time. Those astronauts in the International Space Station are hungry. (She holds up the pizza) And we'll need you to get them this pizza before they get hangry.
Blossom: Hangry?
ISS Woman: Hungry and angry.
(Cut to the astronauts on the spaceship in anger)
Astronaut: AHH!! WE'RE HANGRY! HUNGRY AND ANGRY!!!
Blossom: That's on the to-do list! (She checks her phone on her to-do list. But, Bubbles is the last one on the bottom)
(Dissolve to Bubbles, who is still sitting beside her undone biome project unhappily. Some eggs fly around her and one of them hits her head and broken. Cut to Buttercup in mid-air, she is holding a carton of eggs, obviously, she is still doing egg drop but always fails. she throws the eggs down)
Buttercup: (Thoughtfully) Interesting. It would seem throwing eggs at Bubbles does not keep the eggs safe.
(Buttercup holds up a sketch-board, we see she already draws an egg and a Bubbles' head on it, she makes them as an equation: Egg + Bubbz =? Then she put the "?" as a cross. But when she put the board down, Bubbles is shown crying and sobbing, because she thinks Blossom wouldn't help her to finish her biome project)
(Buttercup noticed her and cried out)
Buttercup: Whoa, Bubs! (floats to the very sad Bubbles, whose eyes are filled with tears) If you didn't like getting pelted with eggs, you could've told me. I'm a reasonable human being here.
Bubbles: (Sadly and sobbing) It's not that...
Buttercup: Good. (She holds an egg and ready to throw, but has been cut down by Bubbles' sadness)
Bubbles: (Sobbing) Blossom promised to help me with my biome project.
Buttercup: She's probably busy being a goody-two-shoes. She will be back soon.
Bubbles: Soon? That's in, like, forever!!!
(Buttercup comforts Bubbles hurriedly)
Buttercup: No need to freak out. Professor Buttercup shall help you on your bike-cone project.
Bubbles: (correcting Buttercup unhappily) Biome.
(Buttercup files into view and squeezes Bubbles face)
Buttercup: Whatever. With the two greatest scientific minds on the case, Nothing could go wrong!
Bubbles: Right!
(Cut to Blossom's phone, we see Blossom still gets her hands full, the top of the To-Do list was shown as "SPORTS DRINK", and Blossom really carries a large bottle of drink and gives it to 2 players)
Blossom: Here's your sports drink. Stay hydrated.
Players: Thanks, Blossom!
(The players turns and pour the drink to a referee nearby, the referee seems scared by this, while Blossom looks unamused.)
(Cut back to Buttercup. She is watching instructions but she seems has been reversed)
Buttercup: These instructions are in some kind of weird alien language.
(Bubbles takes the instructions and turns it around, then she gives back to Buttercup.)
(Cut to the To-Do list again, this time "LIBRARY" is on the top, it is very messy around the library interior)
Old Woman: Oh, Blossom, thank goodness you're here. Kids are so messy these days.
Blossom: I got this. Organization is practically my middle name. (She then uses her super speed and organization skill to put the bookshelves orderly again in a few seconds) All done! (She then flies off)
Old Woman: Thank you, Blossom.
(Cut back to the house, 3 upside-down trees has been cast into the base of the project.)
Buttercup: Tree time!
Bubbles: (joyful) Yay, trees! (Buttercup throws more trees at the base)
Buttercup: Just like they do it in nature.
(Cut to the To-Do list again, the top to-do is "Sign" with a white T beside it. Cut to a scenic spot, there are some letters on the hill: OWNSVILLE, It's obvious that lost a letter "T")
Tourist 1: Man, I hate living in Ownsville.
(Cut to the flying Blossom, She is holding up the missing "T" and put it beside "O", makes the word "TOWNSVILLE" incorrect and flies away.)
Tourist 2: Oh, that‘s right, We live in Townsville. (The tourists hold up their phones and take some photos)
(Back to the house, Buttercup is drinking a soda and made a burp, then she pours the soda onto the project as to create the river)
Buttercup: A little soda for the river.
Bubbles: Yay, rivers!
(The To-Do list again, and "CEREMONY" is on the top now. Cut to a flame-lit person, her torch is off. Blossom uses her laser beam to lit the torch basin and succeeded then flies away while the person waves at her. Back to the house, We see Buttercup is lifting something)
Buttercup: All right, Bubbles. It's time for this taiga to get hit by some snow!
(As soon as her last word was spoken, the camera pulls back quickly and shows what's Buttercup lifting: a large can of marshmallow goo, and she wants to make some snow by it. )
Bubbles: Yay, snow! (Buttercup pours some goos on the project as snow falling)
Buttercup: In the form of marshmallow goo.
("CAT" now has gone to the top of Blossom's To-Do list. A grey cat has been stuck on the top of the tree when Blossom flies to it)
Blossom: Oh, Mr. Cat, this is the fourth time this week. (She holds the cat down and gives it to Mojo Jojo)
Mojo Jojo: Uh, thank you.
(Buttercup has finally "finished" Bubbles' biome project by putting a sign that reads “TAIGA" on the top of the mixture. but a few seconds later the mixture crashes down)
Buttercup: Pretty sweet, huh?
Bubbles: Yeah. (She begins to laugh)
(A few second seconds later Buttercup joins in. But a few more seconds later Bubbles realized Buttercup has just ruined her project and starts crying again)
Buttercup: (Flies to Bubbles) Bubbles! What...what...what's wrong? Is it too beautiful?
Bubbles: It's... (wailing) TERRIBLE!!
Buttercup: Terrible? (Cut to the mixture, a tree fells down. It's clear the mixture was really terrible) It is terrible. There's only one thing that could cause Buttercup to be terrible... (camera zooms to her quickly) Blossom! Hang on, Bubbles. (She takes off while Bubbles is still wailing)
Bubbles: (Wailing) TERRIBLE! (the mixture suddenly grows, Bubbles stops wailing and feels surprised by this)
(Cut to Blossom finishing up conducting the choir at the last note)
Maestro:  Thanks for directing the choir for me, Blossom. My conductor's elbow is acting up.
Blossom:  No problem, Maestro. (She checks her To-Do list) Okay, what's next? ("CLOWNS" is now on the top of her To-Do list) Deliver 20 pies to the clown college. (sighs) It's hard to take these guys seriously. (She lowers her phone to see Buttercup right in front of her)
Buttercup: (angrily) You!
Blossom: (Surprising) Buttercup? What are you doing here?
Buttercup: No, what are you doing here? (She advances to Blossom, making her fall back)
Blossom: I don't have time to ask that question back to you. I'm running important errands that I promised I'd do. (She shows her To-Do list to Buttercup, but Buttercup just grabbed her phone and throw it to the side)
Buttercup: (Angrily) Promised? Like promising to help the one person whose happiness really matters, and who's crying their eyes out at home right now?!
Blossom: (worriedly) The Professor?
Buttercup: (Crying out loud) NO! Bubbles!
(After Buttercup's reminding, Blossom suddenly remembered that Bubbles' biome project she just left her behind completely, she is shocked by this)
Blossom: (Shocked) Oh, no! Bubbles' biome project! I forgot!
Buttercup: Yeah, you did. So I had to help her.
(Hearing this, Blossom is very surprised by this, Because she never thought that Buttercup will help Bubbles to do the project.)
Blossom: (gasping very surprised) You?
Buttercup: Pfft. Get over yourself. It's not like it turned into a raging monster.
(As soon as Buttercup has just finished her words, a roar made from a monster bursts out from off-screen, making the two surprised. Cut to the skyline, on the bottom part of the screen we see a huge monster was passing by, makes some crashing sound. when the monster passed through the street, it has crashed into a nearby building and gives a long roar. It continues going and pass the two tiny girls)
Buttercup: Oh, I guess it did.
Blossom: What did you do?
Buttercup: I don't know. Threw some trees in there, a little marshmallow goo.
(When Buttercup refers to "Marshmallow goo", Blossom is very shocked and jumps up)
Blossom: Marshmallow goo?! You added marshmallow goo to a build-your-own-biome playset? (Cut to an imaginary that Buttercup was holding a barrel of Marshmallow goo and pours it to an item very crazily. Cut it back)
Buttercup: Just a little.
Blossom: Don't you know what that does to the chemical composition?
Buttercup: Pfft! Yes! (realized something and denied quickly) N-n-n-no.
Bubbles: (Sadly wailing and running after the monster) Bio-o-o-o-o-ome! Come back! (She stops while her sisters fly to her)
Blossom: (Full of concern) Bubbles, are you okay?
Bubbles: No, I'm not okay, Because of you! (She points to Blossom. Blossom is confused with what she hears) My project doesn't look anything like the box.
(She holds her box up and put it down, It's really that Bubbles' project was completely not like the box, it’s only an ugly monster which destroying anything.)
Buttercup: (Holding a carton of eggs again, that she want to do her egg drop one more time) Don't worry, Bubs, I'll take care of it. Egg Drop! (She throws all the eggs up, and flings her arm like a high-speed rotating fan blade to fires the eggs at the monster. most of them hit and cracked, But amazingly one of the eggs hits the goo and didn't crack. Buttercup noticed and stop flinging and comes into a meditation) Wow! The strength of impact will depend upon not just the speed with which the egg is thrown, but also the material upon which the egg falls.
Blossom: What did you say?
Buttercup: (Immediately became angry) I said this is all your fault!
(Suddenly a huge crash made by the monster bursts out. Cut to the monster, which is destroying another building violently. Bubbles feels sad about this. She knelt down to the ground)
Bubbles: (Sadly) I'm gonna flunk this project. (Pan quickly to Blossom)
Blossom: No, you're not! (Blossom takes off to the monster, the monster roars at her, Blossom gives the monster several great punches and launches it into a building.)
Bubbles: (Holding the box) Blossom, stop! (She looks at the box again and put it down, we see the monster has been destroyed.) Now it really doesn't look like the box! (She burst into tears again and falls her head into her hands, while Blossom floats to her)
Blossom: (apologies to Bubbles) Bubbles, I'm sorry. I broke my promise to you. I wasn't there when you needed me. But I am here now. Let's do this project together.
Bubbles: (wipes her tears and smiles) Really?
Blossom: Pop quiz, what is in a taiga?
Bubbles: (shyly and quietly) Hmm...trees?
Blossom: Right! (Blossom takes off into a wood and gathered some trees, she throws them on a side and ask Bubbles again) What else is in a taiga?
(With Blossom's help, Bubbles become happy again)
Bubbles: (Happily) Rivers!
(Blossom flys to a water tower and takes it off to the sky. She then use super speed to broke a hole on the tower, makes the water inside pours out)
Bubbles: (Jump over) And soil! (She flies to a building site and takes an sth. from a digger. She pours the soil to the ground.)
Blossom: Finally, we just need ----
Bubbles: ---- Lots of snow!
(Blossom takes a deep breath and uses her ice breath to fill the screen. Cut to some trees while some birds passing by, The water flowing smoothly. Bubbles floats from the right-bottom to the center)
Bubbles: In conclusion, the taiga is the world's largest biome. It stores a huge amount of carbon, and it's home to the rough-legged buzzard, known for its native call ---- (She makes some Pac-Man expressions with some buzzard call. The student cheers for Bubbles' great biome project. Ms. Keane walks into view)
Ms. Keane: Bubbles, I have never seen such an interactive biome project! "A" plus!
Bubbles: I couldn't have finished my project without my sister Blossom. (She points to Blossom)
Blossom: (Pleased) No problem!
Buttercup: Sheesh! How about a little credit? I was the one who turned that biome set into a monster in the first place.
(Camera pulls back very quickly and we saw the monster again, it comes back to life again for no reason. It makes a call.)
Bubbles: (floats into view) Blossom, um, Ms. Keane says the biome can't stay in the school's parking lot.
(The monster makes another call.)
Blossom: I'm on it.
(The last time cut to Blossom's To-Do list, we see Blossom has cleared all the tasks and creates a new task: "Biome", and the episode ends.)