Narrator: The city of Townsville!  (Pan across and turn down to a street; the light changes and people cross.) A handsome hamlet bustling with life.


(A fellow whose clothes suggest he might be from Texas steps to the corner, looks down at his watch, and whistles to hail a passing taxi. Overhead view of a coffee cup on a table as it is picked up; during the next line, pull back to show it held by one of three laughing people seated around an outdoor table at a café.)


Narrator: A beautiful burg where the sound of laughter fills the air.


(Other customers laugh as well. A young man and woman, lost in each other’s eyes, walk along in front of the café.)


Narrator: But tread lightly, young lovers.


(The ground shakes; they look up in shock as a shadow covers them, and he jumps into her arms.)


Narrator: Beauty walks the razor’s edge in this broken borough.


(Cut to the shadow’s source as it moves into view: a towering gray lizard beast with seven eyes.)


Narrator: And terror is just around the corner!


(The creature spits an energy beam from its mouth toward the ground. Flames and screams start to rise toward it as it smiles maliciously. A man runs near one of its feet.)


Narrator: Someone, do something!


(The monster only smiles. At a newsstand, a man has his head buried in a paper while the proprietor closes up shop.)


Narrator: Oh, man! This carnage is creeping me out!


(The newspaper reader looks up, alarmed. Cut to just outside the front doors of Malph’s Market; they slide open and an old woman slowly emerges.)


Old woman: Run for your lives! (Several screaming customers charge out past her.)
Narrator: What’s wrong with you people?! (Cut to a city bus; its driver panics.) Get ahold of yourselves!


(Said driver takes a flying leap and crashes out through the door, the camera panning back toward the rear of the bus as he does so to show all the passengers also in terror. The vehicle speeds o.c. to the sound of a crash; pull back to show that it has just gone over the side of the bridge and is plummeting toward the water. As the passengers’ screams tear the air, cut to just outside a donut shop. Two cops step outside and look, still carrying their sinkers and coffee. During the next line, they get the full measure of what they are up against.)


Narrator: Ohh…isn’t anyone brave enough to stand up to this terrible tyrant?!


(The cops retreat slowly to the donut shop, the doors slamming shut once they are in. Now the beast lifts one giant foot.)


Narrator: Looks like this is Sayonara, Townsville!


(The foot comes down and crushes a building. The monster laughs over the destruction, but is suddenly cut off by a piece of debris that is flung into view to strike it in the head.)


Narrator: But wait! What’s this? Someone has issued a challenge! (Cut to the girls charging.) It’s the Powerpuff Girls!


(They land a blow that knocks the monster off balance for a moment. When it stands upright, there is a bit of drool on its lower lip; it wipes this away and roars. The girls go in for another pass, but the monster is ready this time—it claps its hands, sending out waves of energy from them. The girls gasp sharply, an instant before the blinding glare of the assault washes over them and fills the screen. When it fades away, we see a close-up of Buttercup, motionless in midair, smoke curling up from her, and looking as if a hand grenade just went off in her lap.)


Buttercup: (softly) Ow.


(She drops o.c. Blossom, floating behind her and in the same condition, tumbles down a moment later. Behind her is an equally disheveled Bubbles, who falls last. Cut to an empty patch of ground; they slam down in this same order, and the monster rumbles with evil laughter. The girls get to their feet, their clothes and hair back in order and their arms outstretched. Blossom starts to whirl in place, not unlike the tornado spin used by Buttercup in “Powerpuff Bluff”; her sisters do likewise after a moment, and all three drill straight down into the pavement and sink from sight.)


(The creature brings a foot down on the spot just after they have tunneled under. It stands, puzzled, as its entire body starts to shake. Cut to the level of its head; the girls smash their way out the top—they have drilled up through the entire body—and fly o.c. as smoke rises from the ruptured cranium. The monster drops o.c. like a felled tree.)


Narrator: Wow! That got him!


(The camera shakes with the force of the crash. Quick pan/turn down to the Mayor and Ms. Bellum in front of the Townsville Hall colonnade. She holds a large gold key with a T worked into its head—the key to the city as seen in “Bought and Scold.” The vanquished monster lies in a pile of rubble at a distance behind them.)


Mayor: Yeah! (The girls land by him.) Oh, man, you girls sure are brave. Here—have the city!


(He laughs a bit as Ms. Bellum holds the key out to them. Cut to a long shot of the skyline, the camera pulled back into the suburbs. It is now sunset.)


Narrator: The city of Townsville… (The girls fly out of the city proper and o.c.) …is safe once again! (Pan in that direction to their house.) Another monster is defeated; another villain is thwarted; another disaster is averted.


(Cut to inside the front door. On the next line, they burst in through it and fly to the bathroom to brush their teeth. When they arrive there, they have changed into their nightgowns. The counter area now features three new things—towel rings, heart-shaped sinks, and footstools (so the girls can reach the counter)—and its door leads to the bedroom. Bubbles has Octi on the counter and brushes the doll’s teeth rather than her own.)


Narrator: And the fearless, brave, unshakable Powerpuff Girls…are settling in for the night. (Buttercup spits foam loudly.)
Buttercup: Did you see the way I drilled that sucker? And to think you ever doubted me.
Bubbles: Oh, no. I only got worried when you screamed and panicked.
Buttercup: I did not panic! I was tricking him into a false sense of security.
Bubbles: (laughing a bit) Oh. I just thought you were scared.
Buttercup: (wiping her mouth) I was not scared! I am never scared!
Bubbles: Oh…okay. Hey, what’s that on your dress?


(Close-up of Buttercup. Something black and insect-looking has appeared on the front of her nightgown, but she does not immediately notice it.)


Buttercup: What? (Pull back to frame all three.)
Blossom: Yeah. It looks kinda like a… (Back to Buttercup, who sees it; she continues o.c.) …like a…
Buttercup: (panicked) SPIDER!!


(She brushes herself down, and the black thing disappears.)


Buttercup: Huh? (Bubbles giggles o.c.; pull back to frame all three.)
Bubbles: (still giggling) Oops. I guess it was just a spot. Wow, you really freaked.
Buttercup: I did not!
Bubbles: Did too.
Buttercup: Shut up, Bubbles! You’re scared of everything.
Bubbles: No, I’m not!
Buttercup: Yes, you are.
Bubbles: No, I’m not!


(Throughout this entire scene, Blossom occasionally looks toward whichever girl is speaking. When the “no, I’m not/yes, you are” begins, she does so on each successive line. Cut to a close-up of her as she continues in this manner.)


Buttercup: (from o.c.) Yes, you are!
Bubbles: (from o.c.) No, I’m not! (Blossom gets fed up.)
Buttercup: (from o.c.) Yes, you are!
Blossom: GIRLS!! (Pull back to frame all three.) Now look. It doesn’t matter if anyone was scared. We’ve all got superpowers. And as long as we stick together, we can overcome our fears.


(She smiles at this bit of wisdom. Pause. The next lines cause her face to fall again.)


Buttercup: (to Bubbles) Yes, you are!
Bubbles: No, I’m not!
Buttercup: Yes, you are!
Bubbles: No, I’m not! (The Professor steps to the bathroom doorway.)
Professor: Girls, time for bed.


(Around him, the scene dissolves to the darkened bedroom; the sky outside the windows has dimmed to night. On the next line, turn down to the bed, where the girls are tucked in.)


Professor: You’ve gotta get lots of rest if you’re going to pass that test tomorrow. (This throws a real shock into Blossom.)
Blossom: Oh, no! The test! I forgot to study! (Back to the Professor.)
Professor: Oh, well, I’m sure it’s just a review.
Blossom: (from o.c.) No! (Cut to her.) I haven’t reviewed anything! I’ve been saving lives all day!
Bubbles: Don’t worry, Blossom. You’re the smartest girl in Townsville.
Blossom: That’s only because I study so much!


(Pull back across the room; the Professor walks to the door. A nightlight glows near it—an alternative to leaving the hall lights on for Bubbles.)


Professor: You’ll be just fine. Sweet dreams, girls.


(He pulls the door shut behind himself; cut to a close-up of Bubbles. The hinges creak o.c.)


Professor: (from o.c.) Oops. (Back to him at the reopened door.) Almost forgot. Power shortage.


(He flips a wall switch, and the nightlight goes out.)


Professor: Good night.


(He closes the door again; back to the bed, where Bubbles immediately whimpers a bit at losing her light. She turns to face the wall—she is sleeping in the section near the windows—and sees a gangling, grinning clown doll crumpled on a chair in the corner of the room. It wears a belled cap and ruff collar. She whimpers some more and clutches Octi tightly to herself; a slow creak of hinges draws her attention away from the clown doll. It is coming from somewhere past the foot of the bed. She gasps softly; cut to her perspective. At the other end of the room, the open closet door swings shut.)


(Back to Bubbles, who gasps again and pulls the covers up over her head. She shakes beneath them as the camera pans slowly across the bed. Blossom, in the middle section, is asleep but sweating.)


Blossom: (talking in sleep) Oh, no…didn’t study…test…fail…oh, no…


(The camera continues its pan and stops on Buttercup, in the section near the door. She is wide awake and holding a can of insecticide; she sprays herself, then tosses it aside and settles down to sleep. Pull back slowly to frame the entire room—the clown doll is gone from its chair in the corner. The silence is broken by the effeminate laughter of “Him” as what little light there is goes red and a ribbon of pink mist swirls in through one of the windows.)


“Him”: (effeminate voice-over) What’s this I hear? Tortured by the things you fear? (Overhead view; the mist soaks into the girls’ heads.) Nighty-night, girls. Pleasant dreams… (laughing) …pleasant screams.


(His laughter grows more manic and high-pitched as the camera pulls back. Everything around the bed fades out to leave it in a solitary pool of red light, after which the bed and the light do likewise to black out the screen.)


(Snap to the exterior of Pokey Oaks Kindergarten during the day. The front door is open; cut to inside it. The colors are very muted and gray, and the lights are dim. A beaming and fully dressed Blossom, also grayed out, comes up the walk to the door. However, her good cheer gives way to a stunned look once she is inside. In front of her is a room filled with kids who glare at her from their seats with pure hostility—including her sisters. A single empty chair is in the middle of the room, sitting within a single shaft of light from overhead; Ms. Keane stands by this with the same harsh look. When she speaks, her tone is soft but menacing.)


Ms. Keane: Blossom! We were just talking about you. (gesturing to a chair) Please, take your seat.


(Blossom advances nervously into the room and sits down.)


Ms. Keane: (pacing) Children, can anyone tell me what today is?


(When the kids speak, they look and sound as if they are hypnotized.)


Class: Yes, Ms. Keane.
Ms. Keane: (closing door) What is today?
Class: Today is report card day, Ms. Keane.
Ms. Keane: That’s right. And can anyone tell me why report card day is soooo special?
Class: Yes, Ms. Keane.
Ms. Keane: Why?
Class: Because report cards are the single most important determining factor to consider when judging the worth of an individual’s life.
Ms. Keane: That’s right! (She laughs.)
Blossom: (whispering to her sisters) Hey! What’s going on?
Ms. Keane: (pacing) So, therefore, if one gets bad grades, one’s life is worthless. Correct?
Class: That is correct, Ms. Keane.
Blossom: (whispering) Hey! (Close-up of the girls.) Bubbles! Hey!
Ms. Keane: (from o.c.) Blossom! (Pull back to frame her.) You have something to share with the class?


(Blossom shakes her head silently.)


Ms. Keane: How appropriate that it’s you who should interrupt. (She starts to pace again.) Once again you’ve failed to pay attention.
Blossom: Me? I always pay at—
Ms. Keane: Now you’ve failed to communicate.
Blossom: But you interrupted—
Ms. Keane: You’ve failed to cooperate.
Blossom: I’m trying, but you—
Ms. Keane: You’ve failed to prepare.
Blossom: But I always prepare!
Ms. Keane: ARE YOU PREPARED TO FAIL?!


(This catches Blossom flat-footed. Her eyes shine with fear.)


Blossom: (stuttering) Fail? (Ms. Keane only glares down at her.) Ms. Keane, I-I—


(On this, last, the camera pulls back from her until it is behind the front desk. A report card with Blossom’s name lies on it; Ms. Keane picks this up.)


Ms. Keane: Can anyone tell me what this is?
Class: It’s a report card.
Ms. Keane: That’s right!


(She gives it to Blossom, who looks it over. Even though this is a kindergarten, the document lists her class level as preschool—adding insult to injury.)


Blossom: (still stuttering) I-I-I…but…I-I-I…but…Ms. Keane, I-I-I—
Ms. Keane: (chuckling menacingly) You’re embarrassed, aren’t you? (Blossom nods reluctantly.) It’s because you’ve failed, isn’t it?
Blossom: (shivering) I-I-I—


(Ms. Keane snatches the report card away from Blossom and holds it in full view: an F in every subject.)


Ms. Keane: BEHOLD! (The class gasps.)


(Now her tone and that of the other kids becomes increasingly venomous—though the kids still sound hypnotized.)


Ms. Keane: Children, why is a report card so special?
Class: Because report cards are the single most important determining factor to consider when judging the worth of an individual’s life.
Ms. Keane: That’s right! (She crumples the report card and throws it at Blossom’s feet.) So what should we do with her?
Class: A test! A test! A test! A test! A test! A test!


(Blossom vacates her seat and zips to the front door; she tries to open it, but to no avail.)


Blossom: What’s happening?!


(She looks behind herself and finds Ms. Keane and her classmates slowly advancing on her. Their eyes are glowing red—her sisters included. She tries the knob again, then rams the door and gets nothing for her trouble. Crumpled on the floor after this attempt, she backs up as far as she can as the collective shadow falls over her.)


Blossom: NOOOOOOOOOOOO!


(Dissolve to her in bed—this has been her nightmare. Now it is her turn to whimper in her sleep. Bubbles has dropped off and pushed the covers off her head. Blossom turns over, one of her arms falling across Buttercup and waking her up. Groaning, the latter sits up and coughs a bit.)


Buttercup: I need some water. (She gets out of bed.)


(Cut to the darkened bathroom; the lights come on, and she approaches the counter. The colors are rather bluer than normal. She fills a handy glass, drinks it down, and heads back toward the bedroom. A large spider scuttles across the floor in front of her; she gasps and backs into a corner. The sound of more pests—many more—causes her to look up in alarm toward the source: a horde of arachnids descending the walls. Screaming in terror, she rushes to the closed bathroom door and pushes it open after a brief struggle with the knob.)


(Cut to a creepy world of squares and random objects. In the middle of this is a door, which opens outward to reveal Buttercup in the bathroom—we are now watching her bad dream, whose first scene began when Blossom “woke her up.” She is back in her dress and normal colors, and she nearly tumbles over the threshold into the maelstrom. Only one foot and her hand on the knob keep her on balance. A gigantic spider crawls toward her from behind; she cries out and leaps into the chaos.)


Buttercup: It’s a good thing I can fly-y-y!


(On the end of this, she loses her forward momentum and drops like a rock.)


Buttercup: No, no, no! No, no, no, no!


(More of the same, giving way to a scream, as she falls toward a Spider-Gargantuar whose mouth gapes open, ready to catch her. She also flaps her arms furiously, trying to pull a Wile E. Coyote, and manage to catch the edge of a platform just short of the mandibles. Pulling herself up and out of their reach, she runs for it an instant before one of the legs slams down on the platform and the creature gives chase. She jumps a gap to reach another platform and races along for a while before tripping and landing flat on her face. When she stands up, she gasps at the sound of more spiders; four land around her, but she slips through an opening and starts running again. The four spiders pursue and are joined by several others.)


(Cut to Bubbles in bed; she sits bolt upright, gasping in fear. Pull back as she looks toward the rest of the bed, where her sisters are sleeping like logs. Silence. A jingling of bells draws her attention toward the corner of the room; she notices the empty chair and whimpers a bit. Her perspective: the room is quiet and free of any obvious malevolence. Back to the bed.)


Bubbles: (softly) Blossom? Buttercup?


(The jingling is heard again, this time from somewhere near Buttercup’s side. It seems to be coming from a couple of shelves filled with toys on that wall, but nothing is moving. Another jingle brings her attention to the other end of the room. Her perspective: the closet door is ajar, but a shape is ducking inside and closing it. Its gangling arms and legs betray it as the clown doll. Back to her.)


Bubbles: Girls!
Buttercup: (muttering in sleep) Huh? Big baby.


(The jingling again. Bubbles’ perspective: a teddy bear stands on the foot of the bed, facing her. It wears a clown’s pointed hat and a belled collar. Pull back across the room to show her regarding it with no small degree of unease. Close-up of the bear, then of her. A few seconds pass before she manages to get some words out.)


Bubbles: (very nervously) Uh… H-Hi, little teddy bear. Uh, what are you doing here?


(The bear stands mute, as one would expect an ordinary stuffed animal to do—its smile is perhaps a bit wider than before. What it does next definitely falls outside the range of normal teddy bear behavior, though. That smile stretches to reach from ear to ear, the lips parting to reveal a grin of pointed teeth; the ears grow to points; the hind legs become pointed as well; pincers sprout from the ends of the front legs and tear through the fabric covering—the overall impression is that “Him” has exerted his influence on it.  Bubbles watches, hands to her mouth to muffle her cry of surprise, as low, wicked laughter echoes through the room. While her sisters continue to sleep, the toys on the shelves have taken on their own sinister smiles. Now a brigade of toys runs out of the closet, each with a face that looks something like “Him”; the last one out is a long, jointed plastic snake with that same face. It coils around Bubbles and picks her up as the others watch, gathered around the bed.)


(Bubbles finally finds her voice. The remaining lines in this act are delivered at low volume.)


Bubbles: B-Buttercup? Blossom?
Blossom: (sitting up, groggily, eyes closed) What is it?
Bubbles: Everything is trying to eat me.
Blossom: Look, whatever it is, it isn’t real. (The snake constricts; Bubbles’ face turns blue.) Just tell yourself it’s not real, and it will go away, okay? (She goes back to sleep.)
Bubbles: Okay. (She closes her eyes.) Not real.


(Snap to black, which gives way to a view of the grinning toys as if an eye were being opened partway—this is Bubbles’ perspective. The teddy bear is at the front of the group. She closes her eyes again.)


Bubbles: Not real.


(She opens her eyes partway—now the toys are even closer—then closes them again.)


Bubbles: Not real!


(She opens her eyes partway—the teddy bear’s face fills her field of vision—then closes them again.)




Part Two