Buttercup: Man, I hate rainy days. They're so boring.
Bubbles: I have an idea. Let's go outside and jump on the trampoline while twirling golf clubs! 
Blossom and Buttercup: No.
Buttercup: Dude, that's the point of a thunderstorm. You can't go outside, especially not with a bunch of metal.
Bubbles: Well, there goes Plan B.
Blossom: Come on, guys. Rainy days are perfect for playing board games! Like Oligopoly. It's all the fun of working in an office from the comfort of your own home.
Buttercup: Can I see that? It says here that board games are called "bored games" because only boring people play them.
Blossom: It does not say that!
Buttercup: Wait, wait, wait, wait. It also says Blossom is the most boring person ever. And she also smells like an old shoe?
Bubbles: Those instructions are really specific.
Professor: Board games. That looks like fun.
Buttercup: For nerds.
Blossom: You want to play, Professor?
Professor: I do! But I think I need a nap first. This rainy weather has got me in the mood for a little R and R. You girls can entertain yourselves for a bit. But just as always, no playing in the lab.
Buttercup: Dip! I've got the best idea. Let's go play in the lab.
Bubbles: Yes!
Blossom: No! Girls, didn't you just hear what the professor said? We are not supposed to play in the lab.
Buttercup: Blossom, I don't mean to call you out here but that is exactly what someone who is boring would say.
Bubbles: Now hang on, Buttercup. Blossom raises a good point.
Blossom: Thank you, Bubbles.
Bubbles: But on the other hand...
Blossom: Come back here! Girls, we should not be here.
Buttercup: Check it! This is weird stuff heaven!
Blossom: Wait! Stop! That's an unstable isotope. Bubbles! Don't touch that.
Buttercup: What does this do?
Bubbles: What is...
Bubbles and Buttercup: What?
Blossom: Girls, will you just listen for one second? The Time Dasher? 
Bubbles: What is it?
Buttercup: Only one way to find out.
Blossom: Girls!
Buttercup: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. 
Bubbles: Joop, joop, joop, joop. Beep, boop, beep, boop, beep, boop, beep, boop.
Buttercup: I call dibs!
Bubbles: No, me first!
Blossom: No way. I am not going to let you past me this time! I know you think I am boring but someday you will appreciate all I go through to keep you two out of trouble.
Buttercup: Dude, stop being such a dud and just move!
Bubbles and Buttercup: Blossom! Blossom!
Bubbles: Blossom, you are okay.
Blossom: Blossom smash!
Buttercup: Geez. She turned into a caveblossom. We are going to be in so much trouble if we do not fix this before the professor wakes up.
Professor: Girls, I am up! I am ready to play board games. Girls, where are you?
Bubbles: We are right here, professor.
Professor: There you are. Where is Blossom?
Bubbles: Now that you ask, that is an interesting...
Buttercup: She was just...
Bubbles: I do not... I do not know.
Buttercup: Good, you know. She will be... She will be fine.
Professor: Blossom, are you okay? You look like you need a nap.
Blossom: Blossom no need nap! Blossom smash!
Buttercup: She really just wants to play Oligopoly.
Voices: Oligopoly!
Bubbles: My turn! My turn! Come on. Mama needs a new pair of Mr Bunny's coding books. Four! One, two, three...
Professor: Blossom, what is going on? It is not like you to play unfair.
Buttercup: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. She is playing fair. That is actually a rule. If you land on that space you have to gnaw on your piece and draw a card instead.
Bubbles: Yes. See? Now I draw my card and...
Professor: Blossom! I see what's going on here! Your blood sugar is low because you have not had lunch yet. I knew it. I will go make you girls some sandwiches.
Buttercup: Dude, what do we do? We can not keep this up much longer.
Bubbles: I do not know. Regular Blossom always takes care of this stuff. What would she do?
Blossom: It's the professor's machine. He is the only one who knows how to use it. We need to tell him, so blah blah blah blah blah. I am a know it all and I smell like an old shoe.
Buttercup: Classic. Okay, I thought it through and... Bubbles! I thought it through and I think regular Blossom would let it slide.
Bubbles: She would?
Buttercup: Fine, maybe not.
Blossom: Blossom smash! Smash face.
Buttercup: Good job, Bubs. Okay, so let us see now. Problem solved. You are not the only genius around here, Blossom.
Blossom: But alas, what is genius? is it the sprouting forth of word from the subconscious? Or is it simply an affect developed by the cunning of civilisation?
Buttercup: Man! She is worse than before!
Bubbles: Yes, this Blossom wants to smash our minds!
Professor: Girls, your sandwiches are ready. Here you go, girls.
Blossom: Hunger of the body is but temporary. But the thirst for knowledge is eternal.
Professor: You did not think I would notice. I forgot the drinks. Silly me. I will be right back.
Buttercup: And bring more sandwiches please! And take your time! Okay, I got it all figured out now.
Blossom: Onward! To sandwiches!
Professor: You are looking quite heroic.
Bubbles and Buttercup: More sandwiches please. More please. More please. More. More. More. Can we have more sandwiches please?
Professor: Looks like I will have to go to the store to get more sandwiches. Any requests?
Blossom: Blerfergadgyum.
Professor: You got it.
Buttercup: Man. We got to figure this thing out.
Bubbles: Yes, I cannot eat anymore sandwiches.
Buttercup: Well, there is only one thing left to do.
Blossom: Roboblossom evaluating area. Sisters detected.
Buttercup: She recognizes us.
Blossom: Activating sibling rivalry.
Buttercup: What?
Bubbles: Why, Blossom? What did we ever do to you?
Blossom: I have been programmed with this function because you did not appreciate original Blossom for being a level headed leader.
Bubbles and Buttercup: Yes.
Blossom: Also because Buttercup takes too long in the bathroom. Seriously, what are you doing in there?
Buttercup: My hair does not look like this on it's own.
Blossom: Enough. Who is boring now?
Buttercup: Blos, wait! We are really sorry!
Bubbles: Yes, we should have listened to you about, about leaving the professor's lab alone and stuff!
Blossom: Analysing apology. Apology unaccepted.
Buttercup: I will never call Blossom boring again after this.
Blossom: That is right. I am not boring nor do I smell like an old shoe.
Buttercup: Well, I mean, are you sure?
Blossom: Annihilate, annihilate, annihilate! Prepare for your doom.
Professor: Girls, what are you doing? Blossom, is that you?
Bubbles and Buttercup: Professor, look out!
Blossom: Father figure detected. Must obey. Must seek approval.
Professor: Blossom, did you get a new haircut?
Blossom: Negative.
Professor: Then that means you girls were playing in the lab!
Bubbles and Buttercup: We love you.
Buttercup: I hate cleaning.
Bubbles: Yes, this is the worst punishment ever.
Blossom: Well, that is what you get for not listening to me!
Bubbles and Buttercup: We are sorry.
Blossom: That is okay. And just to prove there is no hard feelings, I made you some sandwiches.
Buttercup: If I see another sandwich in my life, it will be too soon.
Sandwich: Did somebody order a sandwich?
Buttercup: Yes, too soon.