Narrator: The city of Townsville’s… (The forest, at treetop level.) …forest!


(As he continues, turn down to the ground, where a family is having a camping trip.)


Narrator: A place where the people of Townsville come with their families for some leisure time. (Pan through the forest. Other families are enjoying the day.) To become one with nature in the warm spring air.


(The last group seen consists of the Professor, Blossom, and Buttercup on a picnic. The camera continues past them to a group of resting butterflies. They flutter up when Bubbles drops into view among them, and then clear out as the camera turns up to a tree branch. A mother bird sits in its nest and sleeps.)


Narrator: And since it is spring— (A crackling makes its eyes pop open.) —it looks like the animals of Townsville have their own families to tend to.


(On the end of this line, the bird jumps out of the next, exposing three hatching eggs. A chick pops out of each, and the three start chirping.)


Narrator: Awww… (A raccoon and its two young, washing food at a riverbank.) Awww… (A pair of rabbits, with a few babies and many more popping up behind them.) Awww…


(A rather surly-looking pair of moose are seen next. The Narrator makes a strangled noise of shock and disgust, then resumes as an offspring pokes its head out from behind them.)


Narrator: Awww…


(On another tree branch, a squirrel carries an armload of nuts. Three young poke their heads out of the nearby leaves and are given one each on the next line. All four squirrels have very large brown eyes that resemble those of the girls.)


Narrator: Yes, all kinds of little animal families going about their little animal lives.


(The first two offspring start to eat as the parent scampers away. The third, however, bobbles its nut and drops it as a result of its fumbling. Climbing down the tree trunk, the animal runs through the underbrush and finds its meal in a small clearing. As it is about to chow down, though, a bird’s shadow sweeps across it and a cry is heard from above. The squirrel looks up. Cut to an upward shot from the ground to show a large black shape circling above the treetops. Back to the animal, which drops the nut and ducks beneath some nearby ground cover. No sign of the predator now—after a moment, it peeks out. Pull back as the foliage is yanked away by a set of talons, exposing the squirrel fully. The shelter was a fallen bough. With this gone, it dashes away. So much for thinking they had initially avoiding being spotted by the predator after seeing it fly overhead.)


(Cut to a close-up of the squirrel, going like sixty, and pull back as the bird descends on it. It makes a grab that misses, but sends the animal tumbling across the grass. When it stops, it looks at the camera in frustration and doubles back. The predator—a hawk—rises into the sky, silhouetting itself in front of the sun, and then goes into a fast dive. Another grab at the squirrel is a near miss. The prey doubles back again and scuttles up a tree.)


(It peeks out from behind the trunk—nothing on that side. Looking in another direction, it sees nothing but clear sky there as well. Now it settles onto a branch and holds a “now what?” expression on its face for a moment. The hawk’s cry startles it out of its rest. Pan quickly to a long shot of it on the end of another branch. Zoom in twice to a close-up, after which it spreads its wings and leaps. The squirrel makes a break for it, running along branches and just avoiding the hawk’s swoops. When it reaches the end of one last branch, it launches itself into the air as if from a diving board and sails toward another limb. Cut to its perspective, on the way down from the top of its arc—but the hawk’s talons snap into view and manage to grab it before it can make it the rest of the way and to safety.)


(We next see an empty patch of forest and hear the squirrel cry out in panic. Quick pan to the girls at their picnic. Bubbles is eating a sandwich, but looks up from it with her eyes wide with alarm when the squirrel's cry reaches her ears via her ultrasonic hearing.)


Blossom: Um, Bubbles, you okay? (Bubbles takes off without a word. Her sisters look at each other with surprise and concern and follow after her.)


(Cut to the hawk in flight over the forest. The squirrel is visible as little more than a frazzled ball of brown fur firmly held in its talons. Between flaps of the bird’s wings, though, the little animal raises its head and looks woozily at the camera, then up at its captor. Another flap. Now its teeth are bared and aimed at the feet. One more flap—and in close-up, the hawk’s eyes go wide with surprise and it cries out in pain as we hear the bite. The squirrel tumbles free of its grasp and hurtles toward the forest floor, with the hawk diving after it and slowly catching up. The beak is wide open to snap up the escapee, but just before it makes contact, Bubbles flashes across the screen in a streak of light blue, sending the hawk careening in an uncontrollable cartwheel down into the bushes.)


(In midair, Bubbles rises into view, carrying the again-unconscious squirrel—which is much smaller than she is— and glaring down at where its attacker has crash-landed. Said attacker emerges from the bushes and flees the scene, knowing it is out-matched by Bubbles and her powers. Bubbles glares after it for a moment, then drops to the ground. Her fierce expression gives way to sadness as she holds the squirrel close. Pull back from her to show the other girls watching in the background.)


Blossom: Bubbles! What happened?! (Close-up of the ground as Bubbles sets the animal down.)
Blossom, Buttercup: (from o.c.) Oh, no!


(The squirrel opens its eyes and looks up weakly. Cut to its perspective: the girls staring down at it with obvious concern. The view goes out of focus as the screen blacks out to simulate the closing of its eyelids. After a few seconds, the camera’s “eye” opens again and refocuses—still the squirrel’s perspective. Now the girls are looking down at it from around a rectangular opening, perhaps that at the top of a box.)


Buttercup: What are we gonna name it when it gets better?


(Cut to the girls. They are in fact standing around a box on the floor of their bedroom, and are in their nightgowns.)


Blossom: She’s so beautiful, we should call her Lady Josephine.
Bubbles: No, no! Miss Fluffy, Miss Fluffy!
Buttercup: I think we should call him Bruce.
Blossom, Bubbles: Bruce?!
Buttercup: (jumping onto bed) Yes, Bruce. (The others rise to face her, one at a time.)
Bubbles: You can’t call her Bruce!
Blossom: That’s a boy’s name!
Buttercup: Well, how do you know it’s a girl?
Blossom: How do you know it’s a boy?


(Pan away from them to the door as they begin to argue the point. It is open, and the Professor peeks in. Cut to the squirrel’s perspective briefly as he looks down into the box. He grimaces at what he sees, then turns his attention to the argument. Back to the girls, who are now by the windows.)


Bubbles: Squirrels eat nuts, stupid!
Professor: (from o.c.) Girls? (They turn toward his voice.) I don’t think we should be thinking about names right now.


(Cut to him, now sitting on the bed.)


Professor: Why don’t you come over here for a minute?


(They land on the bed—Bubbles on his knee, Blossom by his side, Buttercup a small distance away from both of them.)


Professor: (gathering Buttercup in) Come here. Now I don’t know if our little buddy’s gonna make it. It’s very, very sick.
Bubbles: (looking up, pleading) You can fix her, can’t you, Professor?
Professor: Well, honey, I can try, but— (Pull back to frame the box.) —squirrels aren’t like bikes and toasters and giant robots. (Back to the group.) Sometimes you just can’t fix them.


(The girls cast their eyes downward at this last, and Bubbles jumps down off the bed. Cut to the box as she floats to it and looks in. Her eyes broadcast her worry and fear strongly enough to be picked up five miles away.)


Professor: (from o.c.) All you can do is give it—
Bubbles: Her.
Professor: (from o.c., sighing a bit) —give her—


(Overhead view of the box, zooming in. The squirrel shivers as it lies on a bed of shredded newspaper.)


Professor: (from o.c.) —food and water and a warm bed and lots and lots of love. (Back to Bubbles.) Then we just hope for the best.
Bubbles: (looking toward him) But, Professor, I don’t want to have saved her just to lose her.


(She starts crying as he reaches into view to pick her up to comfort her in her grief. Pull back. He holds her for a moment until she calms down. Back to the bed, where the other two are tucked in. He carries Bubbles up and puts her under the covers as he speaks.)


Professor: Come on now. Our little friend’s fast asleep, and you should be too. (wiping her tears) We’ll see how she’s doing in the morning.


(He walks o.c.. Cut to him at the door, reaching for the light switch.)


Professor: Good night, girls.


(The exterior of the house, under a starless night sky. The lights in the bedroom windows go out, and we hear the door close. Fade to black.)


(Fade in to Buttercup, sleeping like a log, and pan across her to a similarly disposed Blossom. Continue panning to Bubbles, who is wide awake and still looking very worried and scared. She sits up in bed and looks down at the box. Overhead view of the squirrel, zooming in slowly. It is also sound asleep, but after a moment it coughs feebly. Back to Bubbles, who quickly pulls her head away as if dodging a sudden gunshot, unable to bear watching the little thing sound so sickly. She peeks over again and now looks as if she might burst into tears at any second, then pulls herself back onto the bed and claps her hands to her face to hide her pain. As the camera zooms in slowly on her, she takes her hands away and opens her eyes—something is going on under those blond pigtails. A moment later, she zips across the room and out the door.)


(She makes her way along the hall, down the stairs, through the living room, and into the lab. The door slams behind her. Zoom in slowly on this to the sound of equipment being shuffled and moved. After a few seconds, cut back to the box. Smiling, she slides up to it.)


Bubbles: (softly) Don’t you worry anymore. (holding up a medicine dropper, reaching into box) You’re gonna be all better.


(A few drops are heard falling, after which the camera cuts back to the bed. She jumps up to it.)


Bubbles: Good night.
 
(She tucks herself in and goes to sleep. Pan across the room and turn down to the box—which now has the dropper and a bottle of Chemical X sitting next to it. Fade to black.)


(Snap to the exterior of the house the next morning and cut to the sleeping girls.)


Professor: (from o.c., whispering) Girls! Girls! Wake up!


(Their eyes pop open. Pull back to frame him next to the bed as they sit up.)


Girls: How’s the squirrel?
Professor: Shh. She’s asleep right now. (They jump down to the box and look in. The bottle and dropper are gone.) We’ll know how she is when she wakes up.


(The squirrel now sleeps under a piece of an old blanket. After a few seconds, the hotline’s buzzer draws the girls’ attention and Blossom zips across the room to answer the call.)


Blossom: Hello?


(The Mayor is on the other end, sitting at the desk in his office. The eye behind the monocle and his tone of voice indicate that he has been hypnotized. Red light from o.c. flashes across his face.)


Mayor: Powerpuff Girls, I need your help. Come quickly.
Blossom: (away from hotline) Um, the Mayor needs help.


(Long silence, during which all three girls look back at the Professor—Blossom from the hotline, Bubbles and Buttercup from the box. He breaks it, at his normal speaking volume.)


Professor: Well, what are you waiting for?


(He imitates the sound of their takeoff to make his point, but they continue to look at him.)


Professor: Oh, don’t worry. (His perspective of them.) I’ll keep an eye on her.


(Blossom and Buttercup zip toward the door, their nightgowns fluttering to the floor behind them—changing clothes—then make their exit out the windows. The hotline’s receiver lands neatly back in its cradle when Blossom lets go of it. Bubbles stays put, peering into the box. Close-up as the Professor kneels down beside her.)


Professor: Go on, sweetie. I think I can handle this on my own.


(The exterior of the house, with Bubbles taking off through one of the windows, then the hypnotized Mayor at his desk, seen in a side view. The office window is set in the far wall. The light continues to flash from o.c.. Pan right slightly to show a large red signal light in front of him. It looks very much like the portable “flasher bubbles” sometimes used on the dashboards of police cars and is the source of the blinking. The girls approach the window. Cut to it as they crash in.)


Blossom: Unhand the Mayor, you… (bewildered, as they look around) …you…


(Their perspective, starting at the Mayor’s desk. Pan slowly from here to the closed office doors, then back again during the next line. The room is bereft of any recognizable adversaries.)


Bubbles: (very puzzled) There’s…nobody…here. (Cut to the desk as Blossom flies over.)
Blossom: Mayor, why did you… (Close-up of him. She continues o.c.) Hello? (waving hand in his face) Hello?


(Pull back. Buttercup has joined her at the desk, and Bubbles flies over and picks up the flasher.)


Bubbles: What’s this thing?
Buttercup: (taking it away) I know. (throwing it o.c.) It’s broken!


(Cut to it as it shatters on the floor, then back to the desk.)


[Animation goof: In this shot, the girls’ dresses are black, with the belts in their respective colors. This will fix itself when Blossom is seen next.]


Buttercup: Well, that was pretty pathetic. (Cut to the broken base of the light as it is picked up. She continues o.c.) Who do you think left it here?


(On the end of this, turn up to show the base in Blossom’s hands. After a moment’s inspection, she turns its bottom surface toward us and the camera zooms in on it as she speaks. There is a label: a picture of Mojo Jojo’s braincap and eyes, with the words “MOJO JOJO CO.” underneath.)


Blossom: (disgustedly) Who do you think?!


(Long shot of the observatory, the girls flying toward it, then cut to inside as they crash through the ceiling. They land near the camera, their feet out of view but the floor behind them visible.)


Blossom: All right, Mojo, what are you up to now?


(Cut to just behind their heads. In the wall opposite from them is a high window, with a bank of controls and a chair on the other side. The chair is turned away from the camera. His voice comes over an intercom through the following exchange.)


Mojo: (from “o.c.”) Ahh, Powerpuff Girls, finally you have arrived. (Close-up of the window. The chair swivels to reveal himself in it.) I am pleased. It is obvious to me that my cybernetic techno-beacon is functioning properly and controlling your adolescent minds, thus brainwashing you into coming to my place of residence. (Back to the girls, feet still not completely in frame.)
Buttercup: Brainwashed?
Bubbles: Puh-lease! (Back to Mojo.)
Mojo: (angrily, stammering a bit) Then why are you here?!


(The girls again. This time we can see their feet, and Buttercup shakes her head wearily.)


Blossom: You had your logo all over it, you egomaniac! (Pause.)
Mojo: Well…that works too.
Buttercup: Mojo, you dork! Haven’t you learned that your fancy inventions’ll never stop us?!
Mojo: As a matter of fact, I have. That’s why I put flypaper on the floor!


(Back to the girls. Now they are standing on a broad patch of brown—where it came from is a complete mystery, since the floor was clear when they arrived, and we have already seen their feet free to move. Surprised, they look down at said feet. Blossom tries to pull one of hers loose, but it is stuck fast. Mojo looks down at them and smiles, and the camera cuts to inside his control room. He pushes away from the panel, the chair rolling across the floor and carrying him to an elevator. Close-up of the call buttons as he reaches into view to push the “down” one.)


(The girls, now all trying to yank their feet off the flypaper. Mojo, waiting at the elevator door and whistling a bit. The girls. Mojo, now inside the car that has just arrived. The doors close on him, a satisfied smile on his face. The girls, whose attention is drawn by the o.c. sound of the approaching car. Pan away from them to show the elevator doors at the far wall. These slide open, and he steps slowly and calmly out toward the camera, smiling all the while.)


(When his face fills the screen, the view snaps to purple and resolves into his cape, retreating from the camera—now he is walking away from us. He reaches the far wall, stopping at a door. Now he opens this, steps through, and closes it behind him. Pan to the girls, who look after him with no small befuddlement to Mojo's casual behavior while they are stuck in the flypaper.)


(The closed door, zooming in slowly. Footsteps can be heard behind it, and after a moment it opens again and he stands quietly in the doorway, hands behind his back. Follow him as he crosses the lair to stop in front of the girls, then cut to a patch of clear floor. He reaches into view and sets down a chainsaw. Turn up from this to the girls, who now begin to struggle more frantically against the flypaper’s grip as they realize Mojo is simply preparing to finish them off once he's good, ready, and loaded with equipment and weapons.)


(In the other room, Mojo carries a chair to a set of shelves, sets it down, and climbs onto it to get at the uppermost items. A box sits partially out of view on the top shelf. He pulls this down, and now it can be seen with the label “EXPLOSIVES.” It is open and filled with several nasty items, which are revealed as bombs and grenades in a close-up as he sets it down.)


(Buttercup’s arms are now caught, and she is trying to free one of them. Pan to Blossom, who has one arm and the end of her ponytail trapped, then to Bubbles. One of her pigtails has gotten entangled.)


Bubbles: Ew-ew-ew! My hair, my hair!


(Snap to black, with a crack of light appearing down the middle and widening to show a collection of various nasty items. Mojo looks in at this lot—we are in a supply closet—and selects a mace and chain. Cut to the outer room as he walks nonchalantly across the floor, twirling the weapon as he goes, then to Buttercup, Blossom, and Bubbles in turn. Each continues to pull against the glue. Bubbles manages to yank her pigtail loose, but when she does so, her head snaps across and her other one gets stuck, much deeper than the first one was.)


(Mojo is seen at a desk, rummaging in a drawer a bit before coming up with a large sword. Extreme close-ups of arms and legs straining against the adhesive. Now Mojo goes to a dartboard that has several darts in it, collects these, and walks away. The girls, seen one by one as they continue to struggle. Mojo, walking across the outer room with a battle axe in hand. He gets o.c. with it and is heard setting it down before walking back across the screen. Now he returns with a bow and a quiver of arrows and carries them o.c. as well, setting them down and going back once more. This time, he pushes a cannon across to his stash of weapons.)


(Extreme close-up of Bubbles, her head still stuck down. Mojo, carrying an armload of lit bombs across the outer room toward the camera. Extreme close-up of Buttercup, whose chin is now glued to the floor. Mojo, carrying a 55-gallon drum marked “ACID.” Liquid splashes out of it as he goes. Extreme close-up of Blossom’s sweating face. Mojo, with a snarling tiger over his shoulder.)


(The girls: Bubbles with the side of her head glued down, Blossom stuck on her back, Buttercup doubled over with her head tilted up to look straight ahead. The eyes of all three pop open in surprise and turn to look o.c.. Cut to a close-up of the point of some weapon as it is carried across the outer room. Pull back to show it as a thumbtack in Mojo’s hand. He approaches the pile of bombs. Pull back again to show a collection of spears next to it. He has a folding chair under his other arm. Now he sets the thumbtack on the floor, unfolds the chair, and places it in front of this. As he sits and crosses his legs placidly, pan right slightly to show what might be part of a tank tread on his other side. He cracks his knuckles, and the camera pulls back quickly across the room to show him at a distance from the girls. Behind him is a massive aggregation of weapons that reaches nearly all the way to the ceiling of the observatory. A few large missiles protrude from it, and the tread does in fact belong to a rather fierce-looking tank. Mojo simply smiles casually in front of all this, ready to dispose of the girls whenever he sees fit to do so with them stuck in the flypaper.)


(The girls once again. Now they scream in panic and terror. Something crashes in through one of the windows and starts to zip crazily around the room. It is visible only as a jagged yellow streak. Mojo and the girls can barely move their eyes fast enough to follow its trajectory. Overhead view of Mojo—zoom in to the sound of a few terrified cries from him, and the streak starts to pummel him from all angles. Back to the girls, who smile as the beating continues o.c., then the unfortunate monkey again. The streak backs up across the room and makes one final, lightning-fast charge. A flash of light, and cut to a patch of the floor. Mojo crashes down, barely conscious and looking as bad as he does when the girls get through with him.)


(The streak flashes past the girls, who still cannot figure out what to make of the whole situation, then starts to weave in and out among them, cutting the flypaper to free them. One by one, they sit up, with scraps stuck to their heads and bodies. Now the streak zips to Bubbles’ feet and works its way to the top of her head as she giggles. Once there, it finally stops—it is the squirrel.)


Bubbles: Miss Fluffy!
Blossom: Lady Josephine!
Buttercup: Bruce!


(The other two fly over and stop just above Bubbles, and all three start talking excitedly to the squirrel. After a few seconds, cut to a close-up of it.)


Blossom: (from o.c., reaching down to pet it) You were amazing! I can’t believe it!
Buttercup: (from o.c., doing likewise) Yeah! You really beat the poop outta Mojo!


(Cut to these two, who abruptly exchange a puzzled look. On the next line, turn down from them to Bubbles.)


Blossom: (suspiciously, to Bubbles) Hey—how’d she get superpowers, anyway?
Bubbles: (nervously) Um…well, uh…I kinda sorta gave her a little Chemical X.


(As she says this, the squirrel flies off her head and up o.c. She smiles uneasily up at her sisters. Cut to them, still in midair with the squirrel close by. They look down for a moment, thinking things over a bit, and Buttercup finally smiles.)


Buttercup: Cool! Now he can fight crime with us! (Zoom in on it during the next line.)
Blossom: I don’t know. I think there’s something we have to do first.


(Fade to black.)




Part Two