Sugar, Spice, and Super Lice Transcript
(Theme song)
(The episode begins with Buttercup putting a tape with the title "Thrash" into a music tape recorder while she looks in the mirror in the bathroom and plays the music.)
Buttercup: Let's do this!
(A slideshow of pictures of Buttercup appears as her hair is slowly turning into a mullet at breakfast, jumproping, at Penguin Pete's with Blossom and Bubbles having ice cream, particularly Blossom because she's looking at her as if she's weird, at school skating in the halls with Maylyn, hanging out with 2 girls and a boombox, and lastly, feeding the birds in the park. Back at the PPG's house, Buttercup flips her hair and breaks a lamp and her radio - despite the music still playing - and then finally flipping her sisters onto the wall, causing the wall to crack and Blossom and Bubbles' eyes to become dots.)   
Blossom: Buttercup, what are you doing? (She and Bubbles fall on the ground)
Buttercup: Rockin' out.
Blossom: No, I meant what are you doing...with your hair!
Buttercup: Oh, I'm growing a righteous floor-length mullet. Just like Thrash did back in the day. (A newspaper with Thrash on the cover appears with the same mullet Buttercup has now) (A white background with pie circles appears) Business in the front, month-long part-ay. in the back. (A dance background and disco ball appears with music being played)
Blossom: And...(Pieces of Buttercup's mullet all over their room appears) all over the house?Also, it looks like a giant, gross, itchy knot!
Buttercup: Sure does, swister. I'm not brushin' it, trimmin' it, nor washing it. (A bird flies out of her hair and Bubbles is grossed out)
Blossom: Look, if you want to grow your hair, you have to care of it.
Buttercup: I beg to differ. I think nature will take its course. If any part of my glorious mane becomes damaged, it will depart my dome into a healthy molt. Just like when Bubbles found out it was her turn to clean the bathroom.
(A flashback shows Bubbles looking in the bathtub. A lock of Buttercup's mullet grabs and pulls her in the bathtub as she is screaming. Back to the present with a close-up of Bubbles' face)
Bubbles: The horror.
Blossom: These are exactly the things you do that cause problems.!
Buttercup: No. You're exactly the kinds of things that cause problems... Blah! (falls face-first on the floor)
(In the lab which looks like a hospital, a breathing machine repeatedly going up and down as well as a heart rate machine, with Buttercup on the hospital bed, Blossom and Bubbles looking at her concerned and sad at the same time.)
Professor: It appears that Buttercup has... super lice.
Blossom and Bubbles:  Super lice?!
Professor: I haven't seen a case this bad since the 80's.
Blossom and Bubbles: (80's music plays) The 80's?!
Professor: Yes, that's what's killed the mullet craze.
Blossom and Bubbles: (Hugging each other in fear) Mullet craze?!
Professor: And if Buttercup went for the full floor-length mullet, I'm afraid there's little hope. (punches a wall) Damn it, Utonium. You should've seen it coming.
Bubbles: What do we do, Professor?
Professor: There's only one thing I can do. I have to send you girls in. (pulls a handle showing a slideshow) I've made some modifications to this all-purpose utility vehicle. I've attached a bug bomb to the back. You'll be shrunk down to the size of the super lice and fly into Buttercup's hair. From there, go to the base of her cowlick, drop the bomb and get out. (reality, Blossom and Bubbles in the vehicle) And, girls, don't forget, they're super lice. That's why I'm sending in superheroes. Be careful, be focused. Oh, and I packed you some kangaroo yum-yums and some juice boxes, but don't eat them until later.
Blossom and Bubbles: (Mouths full) Okay.
Professor: (Holding a box button) Girls, good luck. We're all counting on you. (Presses the button. Blossom and Bubbles, in the vehicle, get lifted up from the flame engines attached to it, surrounded by electricity around them, shrunk to a tiny size, screaming.) Ooh, that's so cute.
(Blossom and Bubbles continue screaming, the car flying fast into Buttercup's hair, with the same pace on her hairline, hitting a water fountain hard, stopping, blacking out as well as Bubbles, at the front of the vehicle, wakes up from this, recovering.)
Blossom: Are you okay?
Bubbles: I-I think so.
Blossom: Good, let's get the bomb to the cowlick. It should be outside of... (a city is shown, appearing in front of them) town? 
Blossom and Bubbles: (in confusion) Huh?
Super Lice: (From o.c.) There they are! (shown, appearing)
Lice Mayor: (Excited) Our heroes!
Blossom and Bubbles: (Out of the vehicle in midair) Heroes?
Lice Mayor: You saved our little town!
Blossom: Saved you from who?
Lice Mayor: From the evil queen. Your spaceship landed on her. (The queen's legs roll up under the vehicle, Bubbles and Blossom, in disgust, flinch away.) She was always terrorizing and berating us (makes a cute face) for being so helpless and cute.
Bubbles: That monster.
Blossom: Stay focused, Bubbles. We've got a job to do.
Lice Mayor: Everybody, let's throw a festival in our heroes' honor! 
Super Lice: YAY! (fast walks carrying Blossom and Bubbles throwing them)
(In the lab/hospital, the Professor sitting in a chair next to Buttercup, holding a book.)
Professor:Okay, Buttercup, let's read you a bedtime story. "There once was an electron that thought he could, but he wasn't positive."
(In the town in Buttercup's hair as a saxophone is playing, Blossom, while in a hotel, looking out the window.)
Blossom: Well, I have to give it to the super lice. They did an amazing job colonizing Buttercup's head.
Bubbles: (From o.c. and shown on the bed eating candy from a bowl) Yeah. Today was wonderful. The massages, the photoshoot, the cool face painting.
Blossom: Bubbles, you missed all of those things because you didn't pay attention to the schedule they gave us.
Bubbles: (Taking out a reminder phone) And because of that, they gave me this digital assistant so I never miss important stuff again. Remind me to say hi to Blossom now.
Reminder Phone: (Female computer voice) Reminder to say to Blossom now.
Bubbles: (With dot eyes, excited) Hi, Blossom!
Blossom: Bubbles, we have a job to do. 
Bubbles: Yeah, we need to get more candy.
Blossom: No, they finally left us alone for a minute. It's the perfect time to get that bomb, head to the cowlick, and destroy... (hears a knock, cutting her off)
Lice Blossom: (Giggling, walking in with a bowl of candy) Uh, sorry to interrupt you. Just replacing your candy stash.
Bubbles: CANDY! (zips over taking the bowl eating all the candy) Look, Blossom, she has a bow just like you.
Lice Blossom: Yeah, my friends call me a Blossom because I like science.
Blossom: (Gasps as her eyes turn cute and sparkly with admiration) Aw! 
Lice Blossom: And my best friend is totally a Bubbles.
Bubbles: Aw! (her eyes turn cute and sparkly) Mine too!
Lice Blossom: (Sighs) (Leaving) Anyway, enjoy your candy.
Bubbles: What were you saying, Blossom? About destroying the town and all of its inhabitants?
Blossom: Oh, no. I wasn't saying... I was saying... (floating into bed under the covers as well as Bubbles) it's too late to detonate the bomb now. I'm sure Buttercup will be fine. For the time being. We'll help her after the festival.
Bubbles: The one in our honor?
Blossom: Yeah, that one.
Bubbles: (Takes out the reminder phone, recording her voice) Reminder to help Buttercup after festival in our honor. (goes to sleep with Blossom, saxophone playing.)
(Back with the Professor in the lab/hospital.)
Professor: "All the little electron wanted was to leap to the next valence shell, but he just couldn't find the energy and..." (stops, worried, looking at Buttercup) Oh, Buttercup, I'm sure nothing will distract your sisters from saving you.