Narrator: The city of Townsville...is peacefully quiet at the break of dawn...
(Dissolve to a married couple asleep in bed. They look very much like Robert and Hilarie Schneider, two members of the Apples in Stereo; their bedspread bears an apple pattern.)
Narrator: ...as all of its citizens...
(Dissolve to another bedroom, where an individual sleeps with back turned to the camera.)
Narrator: ...beautiful friends...
(The sleeper turns over; it is a fat woman with a beauty treatment smeared on her face. From here, dissolve to the Professor, sleeping at a table in his lab.)
Narrator: ...and family alike are fast asleep.
(Dissolve to a window in the girls' room and pan toward the bed. The camera passes each girl as she is named; all are sleeping quite soundly.)
Narrator: Including our precious little girls...Blossom, Buttercup, and Bubbles.
(Stop on Bubbles as the sound of a large vehicle makes itself heard outside. This disturbs her slumber to the point that she pops one eye open to look back toward the window.)
Bubbles: (groaning) Can't be garbage day already... (Pan back toward the windows.)
Buttercup: (waking up) What's all the ruckus?
Blossom: (also waking up) Let's go see.
(She gets out of bed; cut to outside their windows, one girl popping up in each to look out. They do a double take and duck out of sight as the camera turns down to ground level, where they throw the front door open for a closer look. A moving van rolls across the view, which then zooms in on the girls; they look after it with great puzzlement. From over the hedge that separates the girls' yard from the one that used to belong to the Smith family ("Supper Villain," "Just Desserts"), we see the van parked in front of the house and boxes being hauled in. Cut back to the girls and pan left as Buttercup slides up to the hedge for a look, kneeling to stay out of sight. Blossom follows her lead; Bubbles does not join them.)
Blossom: (softly, to the o.c. Bubbles) Get over here!
(Bubbles zips up, standing rather than kneeling.)
Bubbles: What?
Blossom: (softly, pulling her to ground) Get down!
(Cut to the other side of the hedge. Three openings appear, each with one girl's eyes behind it and her hands pushing the leaves aside. The eyes dart back and forth before Bubbles continues.)
Bubbles: Blossom! (Their side of the hedge.)
Blossom: (normal volume) What?
Bubbles: I don't get it. What are we hiding behind the bush for?
(Their perspective; now two moving men carry a box across the field of view. Until further notice, all three girls keep their voices down.)
Blossom: Shhh! This is a covert operation.
(On the end of this, the men stop and glance nervously toward the camera.)
Blossom: If you don't lower your voice... (The new neighbors' side, pulled back; her voice reverberates across the distance from behind the hedge.) ...people will know that we're spying. (Back to the girls' perspective; the movers start hauling again.) Now keep your voice down and lay low.
(The new neighbors' side of the hedge again; the leaves have moved back together, but the girls clear a new view for themselves.)
Blossom: Hey! (Her view: a box marked "PLASTIC WARE" being carried in.) Look at all that plastic ware. (Back to the girls' side; shift to each in turn.)
Bubbles: What if our new neighbor is a beautiful lady and falls madly in love with the Professor?
Buttercup: (groaning) Just because you see plastic ware, doesn't mean it has to be a girl.
Blossom: Yeah. Boys need a place to put leftovers, too.
Bubbles: All right already!
Buttercup: Yeah! I bet our neighbor's a swinging bachelor! (Stay on her.)
Bubbles: (from o.c.) Whoa! (Back to her.) Look at all those weights!
(Her perspective: now a moving man is straining to drag a weight bench into the house.)
Bubbles: I bet our new neighbor is strong and very manly. (The neighbors' side of the hedge.)
Blossom: Bubbles! Women lift weights, too. (Back to their side.) I bet she's probably a highly intelligent female bodybuilder. (Shift to Bubbles.)
Bubbles: That falls madly in love with the Professor? (Stay on her.)
Buttercup: (from o.c.) I hope not. (Pan to her, pointing.) Look!
(Their perspective: a clothes rack with his and hers bathrobes on its way in. Back to the neighbors' side of the hedge.)
Blossom: That can only mean one thing.
Girls: (dejectedly) Married.
Buttercup: Ick!
Blossom: I bet they're just another boring couple like everyone else on our block.
(Their perspective: boxes and furniture being hauled back and forth. When the men clear out, one box is left sitting at a distance on the walk. It is marked "TOYS.")
Bubbles: Hey, look! Check out that big box of toys! (Close-up of it.)
Blossom: (from o.c.) Now, Bubbles, you know that lots of old people play with toys too.
(A small girl peeks out from behind the box, just far enough to expose long brown hair and a large blue eye.)
Bubbles: (from o.c.) You're right. Look at that little man standing right next to 'em.
(Cut to just behind the girl.)
Buttercup: (from behind hedge) Bubbles! That's not a little man, that's a girl.
Blossom: (from behind hedge, gasping a bit) You think she can see us?
Bubbles: (jumping into view, shouting) Yoo-hoo!
Buttercup: (from behind hedge) Yep.
(Bubbles has drawn the newcomer's attention; she keeps jumping and calling.)
Bubbles: Yoo-hoo! Yoo-hoo! (Close-up of the girl; she continues o.c.) Hey! Hey! Hey, you! Yoo-hoo! Hello? (Back to the hedge; she has now cleared it.) Whoo! Whoo-hoo! Over here! Yoo-hoo! You! (The girl again; she continues o.c.) Hey, you! Yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo!
(The girl hunches back behind the box, but has her cover taken away suddenly. Now we see all of her - she is almost a dead ringer for the girl who played with Twiggy the hamster in "Stuck Up, Up, and Away." She wears red pants and a white shirt with an apple on its front. With nowhere to hide, she looks back and forth, then manages a timid little wave. Back to the girls' Blossom and Buttercup still watching from behind the hedge, Bubbles jumping in the neighbors' yard.)
Bubbles: I think she saw me! (jumping o.c. toward camera) Come on! Let's go say hi!
(Cut to the girl, her eyes moving up and down to follow Bubbles' progress. The latter jumps across the yard and stops next to her. A moment of silence. Now the girls return to their normal speaking volume.)
Bubbles: (excitedly) Hi. I'm Bubbles, what's your name, what grade are you in, what's your favorite color, what's your favorite animal, do you like drawing?
(When the girl speaks, she sounds a bit nervous, but gradually warms up to the situation.)
Robin: Hi. Um...I'm Robin Snyder. Let's see, uh...kindergarten...um, elephants, and...yeah, I like drawing.
(Blossom and Buttercup step across the yard.)
Bubbles: (puzzled) Your favorite color is elephant?
(The others arrive; Blossom clears her throat. Buttercup has her arms crossed and is playing it cool.)
Bubbles: (to them) Hey! This is Robin. I like her. She draws. (to the girl, Robin) These are my sisters, Blossom...
(Pan to her.)
Blossom: On behalf of all the citizens of Townsville, I'd like to welcome you to our neighborhood.
(Pan to Buttercup.)
Bubbles: (from o.c.) ...and Buttercup.
Buttercup: Yeah, wassup? (The group again.)
Robin: Hey, do you all go to Pokey Oaks?
Blossom, Bubbles: Uh-huh.
Robin: (sighing with relief) I'm starting there next week. (Bubbles gasps happily.)
Bubbles: You'll love it! They have arts and crafts.
Blossom: And story time.
Buttercup: And recess.
Robin: Do they have dodgeball? (This gets a reaction from Buttercup.)
Buttercup: Uh-huh.
Robin: I love to do all those things, but I haven't gotten to 'cause all my toys and books have been packed up.
Bubbles: Well, then, why don't you come over to our house to play? We got everything.
Robin: You really mean it?
Bubbles: Yeah! (to her sisters) Right?
Blossom: Correct.
Buttercup: Right on.
Bubbles: (taking Robin's hand) Come on! Let's go!
(All four walk to the girls' house; cut to inside the front door as they cross the living room.)
Bubbles: This is our house. Our room is upstairs.
(They reach the kitchen door and stop. The Professor is washing dishes.)
Bubbles: This is our dad. (He waves; she addresses him as he leans out.) This is Robin from next door.
Professor: Why, hello there, Robin. It's very nice to have you as our new neighbor. I'm the Professor.
Bubbles: (to Robin) Yeah. He made us in his laboratory by accident.
(Both look up toward him; cut to their perspective of him.)
Professor: Well, what can I say? (He smiles; back to Bubbles and Robin.)
Robin: Don't worry, Professor. (Her perspective.) I was an accident too.
(This remark catches him off guard; cut to the four climbing the stairs. The girls do not float up, but use their legs.)
Robin: Your dad is funny. (She giggles.)
(Cut to inside the girls' room, the camera pointing at the door. It creaks open to admit the group. Zoom in on Robin as she gasps in joy and surprise, then cut to her perspective and pan slowly across the room - littered with toys of all sorts. Games, (video and otherwise), dollhouse, dartboard, stuffed animals, punching bag, skateboard - it almost looks as if the Professor ripped off the toy store again, as he did in "Ploys R' Us", or had bought them legit. When her line of vision reaches the windows, the girls lean into view.)
Girls: Let's play!
(Buttercup swings one end of a jump rope for Robin and Bubbles; the other end is out of view at first, but the camera pans to show it in Blossom's grip. Now she and Buttercup watch a puppet show, with the stage's top edge out of view. Turn up to show Robin and Bubbles working the marionettes. Next: Robin stands on a stack of books to set a block on top of a tall tower. She gives a thumbs-up, and the camera turns down to the base, where Buttercup is standing. She brings the blocks down with one kick, and Robin jumps down and gives her a high five.)
(Robin works on a jigsaw puzzle with Blossom; then she and Bubbles go to work on separate drawings. When they show their work, we see that each has drawn the other, and both laugh. Now Blossom and Robin stand before the mirror, their backs to the camera and their images mostly blocking what is in front of them 0 but we can see the eyes of Buttercup and Bubbles reflected in the glass. They are having their hair brushed by the other two, who back out of view to show what they have come up with. Each has had her hairstyle worked on; the sides of Buttercup's flip curl up much more than they did before, while Bubbles' pigtails have become big fluffy clouds of hair. The former looks rather cross about this makeover, the latter pleased as punch. Blossom and Robin giggle over their handiwork.)
[Note: In the preceding two paragraphs, Robin and the girls are not heard speaking or giggling. Other sounds, such as the blocks falling, are heard.]
(Cut to the Professor, poking his head through the doorway.)
Professor: Oh, girls...
(He stops short to the sound of creaking springs, and his eyes start to move up and down. Cut to Bubbles and Robin, bouncing into view near the windows.)
Bubbles: Hi, Professor!
(They drop out of sight, Buttercup and Blossom bounce up and down, and the first two reappear.)
Bubbles: We're jumping!
(Pull back across the room to the Professor's perspective. They are bouncing on the bed.)
Professor: Yes, I can see that, Bubbles. (The girls' perspective of him.) Um, Robin's mother called. It's time for her to go home. Robin's got a lot of unpacking to do.
(Close-up of the bed; they stop jumping.)
Girls, Robin: (sadly) Awww...
Professor: (from o.c.) Come on now, girls, there's always tomorrow.
Girls, Robin: Yaaaay! (They do a group hug.)
(Dissolve to the four on their way down the stairs. The girls are now floating - the first time since meeting Robin that they have done so. She is slightly ahead of them, not looking back.)
Bubbles: So, you think you can come over tomorrow?
Robin: (looking back at her) Sure. I just have to ask my -
(She suddenly cries out in shock, her eyes popping, and tumbles o.c. to the floor. Cut to the girls' perspective of her, flat on her back.)
Girls: Are you okay?
Robin: Am I okay? Are you okay? You...you're all floating! (Her perspective of them.)
Blossom: Floating...? (It dawns on them.)
Girls: Oops. (They land on the stairs.)
Blossom: Sorry, Robin. We forgot to tell you...we have superpowers.
(Cut to just behind Robin as she sits up to face them. Brief silence as she mulls this over.)
Robin: (brightly) Okay. I have superpowers too.
Girls: Really?
Robin: Yeah, watch.
(She proceeds to cross one eye while keeping the other aimed at the girls; they laugh at this, and she makes the crossed eye move back and forth on its own. Dissolve to the interior of what appears to be a small box, with a window through which Bubbles is peering from outside. A bell rings.)
Bubbles: I think it's done.
(The side of the box with the window opens up; Bubbles is holding on to it with an oven mitt. We are back in the girls' room, with the other three behind her and watching expectantly. She reaches in, and the camera cuts to a close-up of the chamber, which is revealed to be a toy oven. A small cake is pulled out, steam rising from it.)
Girls, Robin: (from o.c.) Ooooh...ahhhh...
Buttercup: (from o.c.) It looks delicious!
(After a moment, it pops and deflates like a falling soufflé'. Nervous silence.)
Blossom: (from o.c.) So...uh...Robin...
(Cut to Blossom driving a Big Wheel on the sidewalk. A rope is tied to the rear end, and we can just see Robin's eye at the edge of the view and her hand holding the rope. She is being towed along, and Blossom looks back toward her.)
Blossom: ...what do you think of Townsville? (Pan to Robin; Bubbles is holding on to her.)
Robin: I love it! It's the best place I've ever lived! (Pan further; Buttercup holds on to Bubbles.)
Buttercup: Know what else is the best?
(Cut to the night sky and turn down to the girls' backyard on the next line. A tent has been set up, and we can see silhouettes of the four through the cloth thanks to a light inside.)
Buttercup: Sleeping under the stars.
Blossom: Yeah, and you know what else?
(Cut to them inside the tent, lying on sleeping bags around a small lantern.)
Blossom: Cats!
Robin: I have a cat.
Bubbles: You do?
Robin: Uh-huh.
(Cut to them under a tree in her yard. It is daytime again. A small cat is with them; Bubbles lies on the grass next to it.)
Robin: (pointing to it) Her name's Ginger. She catches mice, but she doesn't eat 'em.
Bubbles: We had a cat for about a week once...
(An empty patch of lawn. Bubbles stands up into view; she is now in her swimsuit and dripping wet.)
Bubbles: ...but he turned out to be an evil kitty.
(She giggles as a jet of water hits her. Pull back; all four are in swimwear and playing around a lawn sprinkler. Buttercup laughs as she gets sprayed.)
[Animation goof: In the long shot, the girls are wearing one-piece suits with black stripes, while in the close-ups, Bubbles and Buttercup each have on a two-piece.]
Buttercup: The Professor once invented the perfect pet for us.
[Note: Bubbles and Buttercup are referring to "Cat Man Do" and "Pet Feud," respectively.]
(Back to the bedroom. We see her and Robin; as she speaks, the camera pulls back to show the other two girls. Bubbles wears a black cape and fake mustache, and waves a magic wand over an upended top hat. On the next line, cut to a close-up of Bubbles, putting the others o.c.)
Buttercup: He was really cool and smart and funny...
(Bubbles throws a pinch of glitter into the air and reaches into the hat.)
Buttercup: (from o.c.) ...but he had a little problem. He ate too much.
(Bubbles pulls out a carrot that has had a bite taken out of it - the rabbit evidently decided to take five without telling her. Her mustache falls off and she smiles sheepishly.)
(Now we see all four playing a board game. Bubbles aims a disgruntled glance at Blossom.)
Blossom: Too much? What do you mean, too much? You landed on Broad Street and that's how much rent is, so pay up.
Bubbles: (handing over play money) Fine! Here you go!
(As the Professor looks in from the doorway, they have a slot-car race going. Bubbles waves pom-poms like a cheerleader, Blossom watches, and Buttercup and Robin are at the controls. The former wears a green and white cap, the latter a red and yellow one.)
Bubbles: Robin, go!
(Close-up of the two cars speeding along the track; their colors match the drivers' caps.)
Bubbles: (from o.c.) Go, Robin, go!
(Robin's car pulls ahead of Buttercup's and zooms o.c.; cut to a radio-controlled vehicle as it zips across the floor and stops in front of the group. Buttercup has the controller, Blossom and Robin one doll each. Another is in the driver's seat.)
Blossom: Heather Tiffany, Garrett's here to pick you up. (Close-up of her and Robin's dolls; she continues o.c.) Have fun!
Robin: (from o.c.) Thanks, Aunt Brashley. Where's your date...Chadwick?
Bubbles: (from o.c., deeper than usual) Here I am. (Cut to her, pushing Octi forward.) Ready for a night on the town? (All four giggle.)
(Cut to an overhead view of them lying in a row across a hammock strung between two trees in the yard.)
Robin: But my favorite thing about Townsville is my new friends.
Blossom: Me too.
Buttercup: Me three.
Bubbles: Me four. (Fade to black.)
Part Two