(Theme Song)
(The Powerpuff Girls' house, decorated in Christmas lights everywhere, at the exterior, appears)
(Blossom crosses out the 24th of December with an X in red marker)
Blossom: (Wearing a glossy red ribbon bow and red and green pajamas) Tomorrow's the day, girls. You know what that means.
Buttercup and Bubbles: (Wearing brown pajamas with light brown fur, a red nose, and dark light brown antlers and a dark blue outfit with a white collar for Bubbles' neck and sleeves, a small rectangle light blue black belt, black elf boots, and a dark blue cone hat with a red ribbon in the middle) Christmas!
Blossom: That's right! It's time. (As the camera closes in on her) Get... the chest. 
(Buttercup and Bubbles rapidly gets the said chest and puts it on their bed)
Buttercup: Chest required.
(All 3 Girls stand in front of the chest)
Blossom: Okay, now take out your keys.
(As Blossom shows her pink heart key and Buttercup shows her green skull key, Bubbles takes out car keys)
Blossom: Uh, Bubbles, those are the Professor's car keys.
Bubbles: (Laughs nervously, rubbing the back of her head) Oops.
(Outside of the house, the Professor is having no luck opening the car, which has antlers and a red nose, with Bubbles' cat key) Hmm, why won't this open?
Bubbles: (Rapidly gets her key as the car keys are back in the Professor's hand) Thanks, Professor.
Professor: Ah. (The car's alarm goes off scaring him)
(Bubbles is back standing on the bed with her sisters)
Blossom: All right, on the count of three. One, two, three! (All 3 of them put their keys in and the chest opens as Blossom looks in awe taking something out from it) There it is. (Takes out a mug that says "#1 Dad," making Bubbles and Buttercup look at it in awe)
Buttercup: It's the perfect Christmas present for the Professor.
Blossom: Just think. Every time he drinks his morning coffee, he will be reminded that he is indeed the #1 Dad. (In the vision, the Professor holding the mug is shown as he winks his eye)
Bubbles: Ooh, and since we saved up all our allowance for it, maybe Santa will give us something special.
Buttercup: Yeah, like... (Jumps above the bed and turns into a green water gun) A super sonic water soaker!
Bubbles: Or... (Jumps above the bed and turns into a blue squid) A squid for Octi to play with.
Buttercup: Ah, yeah! Santa's gonna put us on the nice list for sure now! (While being a blue squid, Buttercup, as a green water gun, lands on Bubbles' tentacles shooting green water)
Blossom: (Holding the mug) Ah, well, girls, you know Santa's not, you know...
Bubbles and Buttercup: (As Bubbles cocks the gun) Santa's not what?
Blossom: Santa's not actually... a real thing.
Bubbles and Buttercup: What?! (The blue squid and the green water gun disappear as they are in shock and they fly back to the bed)
Buttercup: (Angry, in Blossom's face) You take that back! Santa is real!
(They land back onto the bed)
Bubbles: Yeah!  
Blossom: Well, I mean, don't you think (picks up a snow globe) it's a little outrageous that there's a guy who lives at the North Pole who is able to deliver presents to billions of kids across the world in one night?
Bubbles and Buttercup: Hmm. (They look at each other and looks back at Blossom) No. 
Buttercup: Besides, (A vision of Bubbles' and hers appear) Santa's sleigh is powered by a strong combination of pure reindeer magic and pure super-powered rocket engines. Also, he's spent 364 days lifting weights so he can chuck presents down chimneys like it's nothing! Plus, he's got a computer hat that tracks who's been naughty and who's been nice. (A wrapped red Christmas present with yellow dots on green trees and a yellow bow with the ends of the present of the same color goes down ending the vision)
Bubbles: Blossom, how could you not believe in Santa?
Blossom: I'm sorry, girls, but I just kind of believe in things with evidence. Like this mug, which we should wrap for the Professor.  (Buttercup takes the mug out of her hand and snatches it) Hey!
Buttercup: No way! Santa unbelievers don't get to wrap gifts! 
Bubbles: Yeah! He might see you and think we're naughty too! That wasn't naughtiness!
Buttercup: We'll wrap the Professor's present!
Blossom: Girls, don't be silly. (Walks over calmly and tries to get the mug back) Just give me the mug. (Buttercup, holding the mug, moves it away from Blossom)
Buttercup: Hmm! (Blossom angrily tries to get it by force with her and Buttercup tugging on it, with Bubbles holding Buttercup to take it back from Blossom, but they don't let go of their grudge, especially Blossom)
Blossom: Let go!
Bubbles and Buttercup: You let go!
(Their grudge on the mug trying to take it back from each other sends it flying into the sky in their room in the middle of both sides)
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: (Gasps) The mug! (They flip backwards landing on the floor, sitting as the mug hits the ground, flipping for about seconds and lands on the ground as they sigh in relief when the mug breaks into pieces)
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: (In shock) NO! (The background of their shocked faces break as they turn into sad ones looking at the damage)
Buttercup: (Her sad expression changes to an angry one, looking at Blossom) Look at what your unbelieving did, Blossom!
Bubbles: We're for sure on the naughty list now.
Blossom: Look, if we rush to the store, maybe we can find another one before it closes.
Buttercup: Seriously? What are the odds that there even is another #1 Dad mug (pointing at the broken mug in the floor) when there's only one number one Dad?
Blossom: We have to at least try.
Bubbles: You're right, it's what Santa would want.
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: (In their room in midair) YAY! (They fly away)
(A store called Clumpkins appears in the screen)
Guy In A Santa Outfit: Ho-ho-ho! Welcome to Clumpkins Department Store.
(The 3 Girls in their pink, blue, and green streaks, fly into the store in their Powerpuff Girls outfits)
Blossom: Stand aside, citizens, and direct us to your mugs. 
Billy: Aisle 4.
The 3 Girls: Thank you! (In their streaks again, flying, more like walking, appear at the said aisle)
Blossom: All right, girls! Hopefully, there's one more #1 Dad mug!
(A #1 Dad mug smashes into the ground, breaking, which startles all of them looking at Morbucks and her Kash Money Crew)
Morbucks: (Singing while smashing #1 Dad mugs) Tis' the season to make funny. Fa, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.  Smash and thrash because it's funny. Hahahahahahahaha.
Green Haired Boy With Rapper Glasses: You got mug dropped!
Blossom: Get her, girls!
(Bubbles and Buttercup try to fly towards Morbucks, but Billy holds their necklines on the back of their shirts, holding them back as Buttercup tries to fight back on his grip)
Billy: Oh, no, you don't. 
Bubbles: Hi, Billy.
Billy: No attacking the customers.
Buttercup: (Stops fighting back and stares angrily at Billy) Customers? (Angrily looks back at Morbucks)
Morbucks: That's right, I bought all the mugs. Just so I can destroy them. (The Kash Money Krew smash the mugs that are in their hands) (Takes out a #1 Dad mug from behind her) That way my daddy's #1 Dad mug will be worth a fortune. (Puts the mug back behind her) Rarity equals value, losers! (Laughs as she smashes 2 other mugs) I love the Christmas spirit. Hyah!
Buttercup: Look, Morbucks, why don't you give us one of those mugs, (whispers) and we'll put in a good word with Santa and get you off the naughty list?
Morbucks: You kidding me? I wanna be on the naughty list. (Takes out a single piece of coal) That way Santa gets you coal.
Bubbles: You want coal?
Morbucks: That's right. (Throws the piece off coal into Muscle Woman's hand as she growls pushing on it, revealing a diamond) With enough pressure, coal turns into diamonds.
Blossom: Wait, Morbucks, you believe in Santa too? 
Morbucks: Um, yeah. I'm not a monster. Hyah! (Smashes another mug) Now, leave me to do my shopping. Bye-bye, losers! (Another mug smashes) (Sings again) Tis the season to be funny. Fa, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. 
Blossom: (Angry and annoyed) Let's try another Clumpkins. (Billy lets go of his grip on Bubbles and Buttercup)
Bubbles: Bye, Billy. (She and Buttercup leave with their sister and leader)
Blossom: (While she, Bubbles, and Buttercup are flying) I can't believe Morbucks would use economics so cruelly.
Bubbles: Well, I can't believe you don't believe in Santa.
Blossom: It's just that Santa's entire existence is so irrational.How does he pay for all of his elves?
Bubbles and Buttercup: In magic, duh.
Blossom: (Groans in irritation) Come on.
(All 3 of them in their signature colored streaks fly fast enough to enter another Clumpkins store right past Cindy)
Cindy: Huh? (dodges) Hoo!
(The money cost appears on the register) 
Elderly Lady: I'm not paying for that.
(Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup fly to a shelf and finds a mug there)
Blossom: There's one mug left. 
Buttercup: We did it!
Bubbles: Christmas is saved!
Blossom: Let's go home and wrap this before... (A flinging drum stick breaks the mug as she gasps) Huh?
(The flinging drum stick that broke the mug flings back into Mojo Jojo's hand, dressed as a drummer)
Mojo Jojo: Not so fast, Punypuffs! It is I, Little Drummer Mojo, here to destroy you. (The camera gets a close-up on his mouth) With my funky beats. Hear! (Drums his drum, which is attached to his neck and the 3 Girls punch him, causing him to crash into a pile of Christmas presents as he groans in pain)
Cindy: Hey, watch it, kid, that's valuable inventory. (Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup quickly fly to her)
Blossom: Excuse me, but do you have any more #1 Dad mugs?
Bubbles: (Welling up with tears) It's for our number one dad.
Cindy: Sorry, we're sold out. You can try the Clumpkins outlet store on the edge of town. But you better hurry, it closes in 5 minutes.
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: Thanks, Cindy!
(Cindy quickly dodges them as they fly out of the store at a fast pace)
(The 3 Girls go back to flying)
Buttercup: I bet you wish you had Santa's rocket-powered sled now.
Blossom: Ugh, enough with the Santa stuff!
(Something hits all 3 of them, who are wearing Christmas sweaters, explodes as they fall onto the road)
Bubbles: (Gasps) Oh, no, Santa heard Blossom doesn't believe in him, and he's taking his revenge!
Blossom: By giving us tacky sweaters?
Buttercup: (Looks at the sweater on her and her face turns cool) I don't know. I think Santa's got some pretty good taste.
Bianca: Hey, Tackypuff Girls! (The screen rapidly shows The Fashionistas in Christmas sweaters wearing Santa hats as Bianca is holding a cannon) 
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: (Gasps) The Fashionistas?!
Bianca: That's right. Now, get ready to be obliterated by our ugly holiday sweater cannon! (She shoots a rocket barrel at them, but they dodge it as a sweater appears and Barbarus growls in confusion)
Bianca: I don't know, Barbie. Where did they go? (All 3 Girls punch them out of the way)
Blossom: We don't have time for this. (Bianca and Barbarus hit the ground as Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup fly away) 2 minutes until the store closes! 
Buttercup: Step on it! (Man Boy is shown running on a log wearing a Christmas hat)
Man Boy: No way! You should roll with it.
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: Man Boy?!
Man Boy: Yeah, I'm taking back Christmas from you navi pamby sugar plums with my Yule log.
(The 3 Girls punch him off, who lands on the sidewalk)
Man Boy: Happy holidays. (His giant yule log lands on him, groaning in pain as the Girls fly away)
Bubbles: If we don't get that mug for the Professor, Santa's gonna skip our house for sure.
Blossom: Guys, there is no Santa!
(Pug-Faced Paulie and his gang appear)
Pug-Faced Paulie: All right, ya broads. Time to give youze da...
(Blossom punches him, Buttercup punches him as well, and, lastly, Bubbles punches him as he hits the ground, making his gang run away barking)
Blossom: There it is -- the Clumpkins Outlet! 
(The Gnat flies up blocking the store)
The Gnat: I bet you forgot about the ---
Blossom: (Punches him) Out of the way, Joey!
The Gnat: (Flies, more like falling, through the sky) I'm the Gnaaaaaa... (He explodes)
Blossom: Almost there! (A close-up of the mug appears as it shines, but they hit a gate as it closes)
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: Oh, no! (The lights inside the store goes out)
Steve: Sorry, we're closed. 
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: Closed?!
Blossom: But, Steve, we only need one thing! We'll be really fast!
Steve: Well, hey, I have a family, too. See? Best present I ever got.
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: Aw!
Steve: Well, goodnight!
Blossom: Come on, girls. Let's go home.
Mojo Jojo: Season's beatings, Punypuffs! (Drums) In the spirit of the holiday, all us villains have decided to come together and destroy you! (All of the villains laugh)
Blossom: Not now.
Buttercup: We really needed that mug for the Professor.
Bubbles: Now he'll never know how much we love him.
(All the villains continue laughing, but they start to feel sad)
Buttercup: Maybe Santa will help.
Blossom: What Santa?
Mojo Jojo: What kind of monster doesn't believe in Santa Claus?
Blossom: Come on. 
(A picture of a mug breaks into pieces as it falls down. Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup are shown inside their house at a table with a tube of glue and a glued together messed up broken mug)
Buttercup: Well, maybe now, whenever this mug cuts the inside of the Professor's mouth, he'll think of us.
Blossom and Bubbles: Yeah.
(Sad music plays as the 3 of them put the red ribbon wrapped up mug with the other Christmas presents in their house)
(The night sky changes to a sunrise)
Professor: It's Christmas! It's Christmas, everyone! (All 3 Girls sadly look at him)  Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Can I open my present first? Please?!
Buttercup: Uh, yeah. Merry Christmas, Professor.
Professor: (He squeals in excitement, grabs it, starts unwrapping it, opens the box, and sees it) Girls. 
Blossom: Professor, about your gift...
Professor: (Turns toward his girls) I - I love it! (A new and improved fixed mug shines) I'm gonna try it out now.
Blossom: But how did the mug... ?
Bubbles and Buttercup: (Gasps in excitement) Santa!
Bubbles: I knew it!
Buttercup: You know he definitely chucked that present with love.
Blossom: I... He does exist.
Bubbles and Buttercup: Told ya.
Professor: Girls! 10 cups of coffee never tasted so good! (Laughs in excitement)
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: (Hugs the Professor) Merry Christmas, Professor!
Professor: Thanks, girls. Merry Christmas.
(The screen goes to the window where the villains are)
Bianca: Aw, look how happy they are.
Morbucks: Yes! And I can't wait to see their faces when the bomb you planted inside of that #1 Dad mug goes off.
Mojo Jojo: Wait. Mojo didn't switch the mugs yet. It's right here. 
Bianca: What? Then who did? (The mug bomb explodes as the Santa and his rocket-powered sleigh with his reindeer from Bubbles and Buttercup's vision of him  wearing his naughty or nice computer hat is real)
Real Vision Santa: Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! On to the next town, rocket-powered sled! (Presses a button the computer hat and throws Christmas presents down chimneys) Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho!
(Episode ends)