(Theme Song)
(The episode starts with an unknown person holding a camera in a sewer hole as Buttercup and Maylyn skate in front of the camera which is on record)
Maylyn: Keep up, bonehead. I don't want to be late for the Death Ball State of Smash Address.
(The unknown person with the camera floats over, as Buttercup and Maylyn skate inside the center of the sewer which is filled with other Death Ball teams in there cheering)
(The unknown person with the camera is actually Blossom)
Blossom: Whoa! I've never seen so many people in a sewer before.
Maylyn: We always meet in the sewer. It's Death Ball tradition.
Buttercup: (Jumps onto Blossom's head, who is annoyed) Dude, every Death Ball team in town's here! (Points them out)  There are the Bob KIttens, a-and the Bumblebees. Oh, oh, and the Lazy Susans.
Lazy Susans Player: (Yawns) We'll get to it later. (Another Lazy Susans Player blows out and pops bubblegum)
Blossom: Buttercup! (Gets Buttercup off her head and holds out the camera) I'll have to interview them all for my student documentary. (While holding the camera, she accidentally floats into Tess, a player of the Grease Monkeys Death Ball team.) Oops. I'm sorry.
Tess: Oh, you will be, Plunkytantes. (Grins as her two other teammates appear behind her and another teammate puts a Death Ball in her hand when a small teammate comes and they all laugh as Maylyn skates over to them) 
Maylyn: Forgot to check your ball in, Tess?
Tess: (Laughs) Tell your girl to watch it. Come on, Grease Monkeys. Let's roll. (Turns around and skates away with her teammates)
Maylyn: (To Blossom) Way to go. You almost got your butt handed to you by the Grease Monkeys.
Blossom: Um, I think I can handle a few dodgeballs.
Maylyn: Death Balls! And if you get hit with one of those here, you're out. FOREVER!
Blossom: So you can't play Death Ball ever again? That's a stupid rule.
Maylyn: There are no stupid rules. IT'S DEATH BALL! (The lights go out)
Blossom: I'm gonna get a better shot. (Sits on a big sewer hole's surface with the camera in her one open eye as her left eye is closed)
Announcer: (As Death Ball teams cheer) Thrashers, thrashers and head smashers, welcome your Death Ball big boss, Smashleen Stevens! (Smoke comes out of the platform as she appears)
Smashleen: Death Ballers, can you (singsong) smash it! (The crowd cheers)
Blossom: Who knew Death Ball had so much production value?
Buttercup: I heard Smashleen was gonna make some changes to the Death Ball rulebook.
Maylyn: No way. Death Ball is perfect. She'd never change anything.
Smashleen: We all know Death Ball is an (singsong) amazing game. But I think it's time. Time for a change.
Blossom: Wait a second. (She turns her camera to see Tess with a Death Ball in her hand as she laughs and gets into a throwing stance) Whoa, whoa, wait! (Tess throws the Death Ball towards Smashleen)
Smashleen: And that big change will be... (The Death Ball that Tess threw hits her hard in the face causing a giant red mark on her, who is on the floor in the center she came out of as all the Death Ball teams gasp except the Lazy Susans as Tess skates back as she runs into Blossom)
Blossom: HEY! Hey, I saw you!
Tess: (Smirks with a tiny laugh and points at the Derbytantes) The Derbytantes! They did it! They took out Smashleen! (The crowd angrily gasp)
Maylyn: What? She's lying!
Death Ball Robot: (Appears) Bow in to the judge!
Bubbles: Okay. Who's the judge?
Death Ball Robot: (Goes into his body and his head comes out with a white powdered wig) I am! (Puts his hands out front and they click open and shoots Death Balls out rapidly as we see his serious face that Bobbysuzyraelyn takes for the Derbytantes and falls sideways out of the way)
Maylyn: Bobbysuzyraelyn! (All the Death Ball teams turn against them) Get ready to fight!
Blossom: Get ready to run! (Flies her sisters, Maylyn, Jaylyn and Haylyn out of the sewer fast which explodes as they are on the road)
Maylyn: Way to go. In Death Ball culture, we just did the worst thing you can do: run away.
Blossom: Are you kidding me? I just saved you.
Maylyn: Psh. Whatever. 
Blossom: Look, we're innocent. The Grease Monkeys attacked Smashleen and I got it all on tape.
Maylyn: Nice. Guess nerds are useful.
Blossom: Let's show them the tape and prove our innocence. We just need a VCR player.
Bubbles: I know. The Mayor has one of those fancy doodads.
(We see that there is a movie screen outside of City Hall that the Mayor and Barry are going to be watching a movie)
Mayor: Welcome to Pickle Flicks Movie Night. Now using one of my (Laughs) doodads. We'll be watching tonight's feature at Licensed to Dill. (shows the movie) A take of a pickle maker and the spy who loves him.(puts the movie tape in and the VCR starts the movie with a pickle jar titled Licensed to Dill)
Barry: Sweet! 
Mayor: No, no, no, Barry. It's dill. 
(Back to the Derbytantes)
Jaylyn: Dude, City Hall is all the way across town. We'll have to skate through enemy Death Ball territory.
Haylyn: And without any Death Balls, we're sitting ducks.
Blossom: No problem. We'll just fly and be there in a jiffy.
Maylyn: No. That's not the Death Ball way. Derbytantes don't fly, we spit. Let's roll ladies. (She, Bubbles, Buttercup, Jaylyn and Haylyn skate away)
Blossom: (Sighs) The Death Ball way.Great. (Floats after them) (Intense dramatic music plays as she, her sisters, Bubbles and Buttercup, Jaylyn, Haylyn and Maylyn skate into a Japanese place with red headlight lanterns)
Maylyn: This is Kimono Dragon Territory. (A piece of paper floats in and out blown by wind and the red headlight lanterns turn on)
Maylyn: Stay sharp. 
(As Blossom floats in with the Derbytantes, who skate in, their shadows showing in the dark place and skate underneath the lights. They continue to skate in as a Kimono Dragon player's shadow appears)
Haylyn: (Gasps) What was that? (This Kimono Dragon player's Death Ball, coming in fast, hits her, who falls on the road)
Jaylyn: (Whispering) Haylyn! Dragons. (5 Kimono Dragon players jump into the sky with their Death Balls in hand tries to throw them at Maylyn, Jaylyn, Blossom, Bubbles and Buttercup)
Maylyn: Take cover! (They all hide behind a garbage bin as the Death Balls hit the garbage bin and the players land on the ground and stand up and the leader of the team jumps and lands on the ground as well)
Kimono Dragons Leader: For Smashleen's honor.
Buttercup: Bubbles, I'll set and you spike! (Buttercup's green streak goes fast and lands on the ground launching the Death Balls and Bubbles goes in the middle making doubles of herself spike the Balls at all of the 5 players including their leader, who all fall on the ground)
Bubbles: Touchdown. 
(Back at the outside of the City Hall)
Pickle Maker: (In the movie with a giant pickle at the table) Now that's the biggest pickle I've ever seen. 
Mayor: That is the biggest pickle I've ever seen.
(At the Cheezey West Diner where the Dineettes Death Ball team are)
3rd Dinette: (While twirling a Death Ball on her finger) The Derbytantes come to hear that taters of tots.
1st Dinette: Yeah.
All Dinettes: For Smashleen!
Maylyn: (from behind a car) Look, it's the Dinettes. (Sits down) This is gonna get ugly. 
Blossom: Can't we just go talk to them? Or is that not the Death Ball way?
Maylyn: Sure. You want to talk to the Dinettes? Go ahead.
Blossom: Fine. I will. (As she floats over to the Dinettes) Excuse me. Hi. Hey. I come in peace. My name is Blossom and and I'm with the Derbytantes and I...
Maylyn: Now! (Throws a Death Ball at the 1st Dinette in the window) (As she jumps with two Death Balls in her hands) Quick! While they're distracted by Blossom's stupid diplomacy! (Throws them both at 2 Dinettes)
1st Dinette: (While ringing the bell) Order up, ladies! 
Jaylyn: (Jumps onto the road with a Death Ball in her hand) Huh? (4 Dinettes jump into the sky with Death Balls and throws them at Jaylyn as her helmet falls off and falls on the ground) (A Dinette flips a Death Ball with a kitchen flipper and the 1st Dinette hits it in a volleyball stance)
Bubbles: (While holding two Death Balls) Who wants some? (The 1st Dinette's flipped Death Ball that she hit hits Bubbles in the stomach and she falls on the ground)
Blossom: Bubbles!
Bubbles: Cold. I am so cold.
Blossom: Why don't you just zip up your jacket?
Bubbles: Oh, yeah! (Zips her jacket up as Buttercup and Maylyn skate over to them)
A Dinette: Time for seconds! (All the Dinettes have their Death Balls in their hands and they throw all of them with Blossom, Buttercup and Maylyn dodging the barrage)
Maylyn: Regroup! (She, Buttercup and Blossom go back to the car)
Buttercup: Bloss, Maylyn, get to City Hall! i'll hold them off!
Maylyn: Butlyn, we're not leaving you.
Buttercup: Don't worry, old friend. (She and Maylyn hod hands) We'll meet again. In a better place.
Blossom: Aren't we all going bowling tomorrow?
Buttercup: (Whispering) Exactly. (Jumps out from behind the car and Maylyn and Blossom run away)
(Back at City Hall)
Pickle Maker: (With scissors in his hand with a blue wire and 2 red wires which is counting down) (Maylyn and Blossom arrive at the outside of City Hall)
Agent: (As Maylyn and Blossom look out from the outside) Oh, be careful, Jinx.
Maylyn: All right, the coast is clear.
Blossom: Now all we have to do is get the tape to the VCR and prove our innocence. (The movie turns off as Tess appears from behind the screen)
Tes: (Singsong while tapping two glass bottles) Derbytantes, come out and play-ay!
Mayor: I don't remember this part, but I like it!
Tess: (Comes out from behind the screen) We know you took out Smashleen and you're gonna pay! (taps the bottles one more time)  
Maylyn: (Coming out from outside of City Hall) Time to take crare of this once and for all! (Blossom grabs and stops her)
Blossom: No! If you fight Tess, there's no way you're gonna make it out of there. Who cares about the Death Ball way?
Maylyn: I care! It may be weird, it may be dumb. But the Death Ball way is my way. We gotta believe in something and this is it for me. (Skates over)
All Death Ball Teams: Death Ball, Death Ball, Death Ball, Death Ball, Death Ball, Death Ball, Death Ball!
Tess: I didn't think you had the guts.
Maylyn: We can talk all night or are we gonna dance? (She and Tess growl at each other with clenched teeth as they warm up their Death Balls)
Tess: Draw! (Throws her aiming Death Ball at Maylyn, who jumped and cuts Tess's Death Ball with her skates and points her own Death Ball at her near her face as she screams in fear causing all Death Ball teams to gasp)
Tess: (Shakily panting in fear) Do it! Death Ball rules mean no mercy! It's the Death Ball way.
Maylyn: (Holds her Death Ball high in the sky with her hand as lightning strikes) Death Ball rules aren't perfect. (Drops her Death Ball onto the ground as the Death Ball teams gasp) Hear me, Death Ball sisters. Death Ball is great, but at what cost? We've lost too many friends, too much juice has been spilt. We can change the rules without changing who we are.
Tess: Don't listen to her! She's just saying that because she took out Smashleen.
Blossom: (Off-screen) That's a lie!
Tess: Huh?
Blossom: And I'll prove it! (Throws the tape into the VCR slot which goes in, comes out for a little while, and goes back in showing everyone what actually happened and they all gasp)
Bobby Kittens Player: It was Tess!
Kimono Dragons Player: She took out Smashleen!
(All the others gasp)
Tess: (Stands up in fear) No! I did it for us. She was gonna change everything. I'll show you. I'lls how you all! (Skates into a Death Ball Robot with the same white powdered wig and falls down)
Death Ball Robot: Case closed.
Maylyn: Listen up, Death Ballers! I hereby declare a new rule! Ouncies are no longer permanent. You can now undo ouncies if you tapsies twicies!. Who's with me? (Everyone cheers)
Mayor: This is the best movie ever!
(Back in the sewer)
Smashleen: Now, people, tapsie twicies. I'd like to thank the Derbytantes (gestures to them) for their heroism and for making Death Ball stronger than ever! (Blossom and Maylyn happily look at each other) And now for the announcement I was going to say earlier... (The Derbytantes stand frozen in fear as everyone gasps) (Takes out a jersey) Wash your jerseys, people. It smells worse than a sewer in here and we're actually in the sewer!
Blossom: YAY! See? Change can be good?
(Episode ends)