(Theme Song)
(The episode starts with a reality show called Townsville Tonight with pictures showing up on the show before it even starts that Morbucks and Muscle Woman are watching at a long table with her TV at the back of the table and a golden TV remote on the table next to Morbucks' dinner on a plate in front of her)
Sophie Golden: Welcome to Townsville Tonight. I'm your host, Sophie Golden. This evening, we have none other than Townsville's favorite superhero trio: (The said superheroes are shown on the couch in the show as she mentions them) The Powerpuff Girls!
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: Hi!
(Watching them on the screen, Morbucks gasps in excitement)
Morbucks: My BFF's, the Powerpuff Girls, are on Townsville Tonight! They're probably gonna mention me and (singsong) how great I am! Turn it up, Muscle Woman.
Muscle Woman: (Smashes the golden TV remote turning up the volume)
Sophie Golden: As superheroes, what do you girls feel defines a villain?
Blossom: Oh, that's easy. They're selfish.
Morbucks: Oh, definitely.
Buttercup: And greedy.
Morbucks: Greed, sister.
Bubbles: And they do bad stuff to others.
Morbucks: I know, right?
Bubbles: You know, like...
All 3 Girls: Princess Morbucks!
Morbucks: (Shocked) WHAT?!
Muscle Woman: (Elbowing Morbucks) Hey, they did mention you.
Sophie Golden: Well, there you have it. The Powerpuff Girls keeping Townsville safe and Princess Morbucks is a villain. (A man in his house with beehives and getting stung by bees is shown) Up next, can you keep loose bees in your house? (Morbucks still has her shocked face after watching what happened in the show) This guy seems to think so.
Morbucks: I... I don't understand.
Muscle Woman: Me neither. Free-range bees is just a recipe for disaster.
Morbucks: No. I mean, the Powerpuff Girls think I'm a... villain?
Muscle Woman: You didn't think that? (Morbucks angrily scoots out of her chair and walks away)
(In Morbucks' room, a fire on logs in a fireplace is shining bright as Morbucks walks to it and looks at it)
Morbucks: Me? A villain? But I can't be. (Appears on a bench playing a few notes on a piano) How can a superhero be a villain? (Appears laying down on the floor) Everyone likes me. (Appears sitting on her windowsill seat as she hears the sound of an airplane) That airplane is loud. (Appears at her own personal bowling alley holding a bowling ball and rolls it) They're heroes, so that makes me... (The bowling ball hits the bowling pins) ...a villain? (Appears at the fire which turned into ash as she sighs) How do I change this? I have to make things right. There's only one thing to do.
Morbucks: (Rapping) Who's the villain when you're fake superheroes? Knocking down buildings, that makes you a zero, and who's gonna build it all up again? Princess Morbucks and her gold dividends. (With Cash Money Crew) The Powerpuff Girls are the villains, oh. Uh-uh. Blossom, Bubbles, and third one gotta go. Yeah. Real superheroes wear a crown. Kicking them Powerpuff Girls out of town. Money.
(In Midway Elementary School, Jared showed the Powerpuff Girls the video Morbucks made on his phone)
Blossom: Destroys buildings? What?
Buttercup: The third one? She doesn't even know my name?
Bubbles: I think it's catchy. (Laughs)
Jared:  I guess you haven't even heard this part. (Fast-forwards and stops)
Morbucks: (On Jared's phone) Here's another thing about the Powerpuff Brats. Bubbles lies and she doesn't even like cats. (A cat meows sadly)
Bubbles: (Angrily) What? (Takes Jared's phone away from his hand)
Jared: Huh?
Bubbles: (In her rage, she tears the phone off) I DO LIKE KITTIES! (Takes the chips off the inside of the phone off with her teeth, which is now in her mouth, and smashes the phone and it's screen with her hands, putting it back together, puts it back into Jared's hand, and sits on the floor covered in tears, crying)
Buttercup: It's okay, Bubbs. No one is gonna watch this dumb video, anyway.
Students: (While Buttercup looks them in the hallways and cafeteria, standing on a table) The Powerpuff Girls are the villains, oh. Blossom, Bubbles, and the third one's gotta go. Real superheroes wear a crown. Kicking them Powerpuffs out of town. 
Bubbles: (Cries louder)
Buttercup: Well, first time I was wrong.
Morbucks: (Appears into the scene on Muscle Woman's shoulder) Hey, super gal pals!
Buttercup: (Really angry) Morbucks, take that song down or I'll give you a knuckle sandwich that I'll tide you over 'till Tuesday!
Morbucks:Well, that isn't very a superhero-y thing to say, Whatever-Your-Name-Is.
Buttercup: (In a state of shock as her face turns blue in the same color in a background with clenched teeth) My name is Buttercup.
Morbucks: Is it? Well, whatever. (While going down Muscle Woman's arm as an escalator) According to you, I'm just a villain. (As Muscle Woman backs out, a garbage can falls down on the floor)
Blossom: Wait. So you don't think you're a villain?
Morbucks: (Pointing at Blossom) You don't think that you're a villain? Someone's been getting her facts wrong again.
Blossom: (Gasps) I never get my facts wrong.
Barry: (Appears next to Blossom holding his phone while using his other hand to point at it) Not according to this slamming jam!
Morbucks: (On Barry's phone) Blossom pretends she knows the facts, but in reality, smarts is what she lacks. (A book labeled facts meows and looks down)
Blossom: (Pointing it out) Facts don't meow.
Barry: (Angry and disappointed) Says you. (Walks away)
Morbucks: Anyways, I have to go. I have a big sold-out concert tonight. (Snaps her fingers and Muscle Woman appears again and she goes up onto Muscle Woman's shoulder, who backs out, knocking the garbage can down again)
Bubbles: I do like kitties! (With a cat look on her face in a blue cat-shaped heart) I love kitties! Hmph! (It pops, her face back to normal)  
Buttercup: I know, Bubbs, I know.
Blossom: Don't worry, girls, this is just Morbucks being Morbucks. That song will blow over by the end of the day.
(The Powerpuff Girls' house appears in the next scene as they are on the couch watching the news)
Bob: (Morbucks is shown on the TV wearing golden sunglasses holding a record) I tell you, a bad song keeps on getting more popular.
Nick: Yes. it does, Bob. Stay tuned for for Townsville Tonight featuring Princess Morbucks, superhero and singer, up the platinum track, Easy To Be Good Cuz The Powerpuff Girls Are So Bad. (Mojo Jojo is shown on the TV holding two bags of money) And in other news, Mojo Jojo robbed two banks today.
Bob: What a shame, Nick.
(The TV turns off)
Blossom: Mojo Jojo robs two banks and they don't even call us?
Buttercup: (growls Time to serve up some violence. (Punches her fists together and tries to fly away but stops in midair seeing the Professor)
Professor: (Off-screen and walks in) I don't think so, young lady! Now get your butt out of town! (All 3 Girls gasp and he feels sad) I'm sorry, girls, it's the song. It's just so catchy. (Runs away crying and gets in the car and drives out of town off-screen)
Blossom: Catchy? Hmm.
(In a dark blue background with a rainbow and hearts, stars, and lightning strike banners playing a guitar, a piano, and drums)
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: (Singing terribly) Morbucks is a meanie. She must've gotten up on the wrong side of the bed. Her hair is puffy. It's puffy hair. It's on top of her body. (Buttercup continues and stops playing the drums with a gross, crazy look on her face which is a video the 3 Girls made that was terrible)
Blossom: Ew!
Buttercup: At least I looked good.
Bubbles: I think I can work with this. (Cracks her knuckles that we can't even see)
(The beginning beats of Queen's We Will Rock You starts playing at the Townsville Matta Dome with 2 balloons with Morbucks' face on them as a giant screen with her face on it is seen, as her golden limo, also with her face on it in the sky is being pulled down on the stage and she jumps out)
Morbucks: Hello, Townsville! (The scene zooms out as we see the whole town cheering for her as her face appears on all 5 screens, except the first one with her face is in the center) (Her limo backs out as another garbage can falls down) Thank you, thank you! Be sure to check out my new album: (It is shown) Rumors: About The Powerpuff Girls That Are All True. (The crowd cheers, but they stop as the TVs all turn off) (Shocked) What the...?
(The TVs turn back on, but this time, Buttercup has the second part of her hair down and is wearing a purple vest, red shirt, and black shoes. Bubbles is wearing a light green scrunchie on her hair, which is now a ponytail, a long-sleeved light purple shirt and shoes with light green fluffs on both of them, and white pants. And Blossom is wearing a small red bow on he head despite the back of her hair being messy, a light purple tank top and fluffy light pink frills around it.)
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: We're Powerpuff Girls. But we are really nice. Superhero girlfriends. Keeping you safe every day and every night. Flying way up in the sky. But not before we rebuild your buildings. Let us stay in Townsville.
Jared: Wow! This song's great!
Morbucks: No, it's not!
Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup: We're really great. Let us stay.
Barry: I feel like the Powerpuff Girls should stay here in Townsville.
Man Being Stung By Bees: Ow, ow, ow! Hey, I no longer feel like kicking them out of town.
Professor: Me neither.
(With a look of a gorilla's face, Morbucks growls)
Blossom and Bubbles: We're not villains. We're not villains.
Buttercup: (While playing the drums with her drum sticks and kicks the drum set) And my name is Buttercup!
Jared: (While the crowd cheers) The Powerpuff Girls are the greatest superheroes ever!
Morbucks: No, they're not! They're villains! (Growls as the Powerpuff Girls appear onstage)
Blossom: Hey, Morbucks, how does it feel to be a one-hit wonder?
Buttercup: Townsville's back on our side, baby!
Bubbles: And we didn't have to say one bad thing about you.
Morbucks: Fine! Everyone thinks I'm a villain? I'll show you a villain! (The microphone turns red as she presses a button on it as she laughs encasing her in a pink bubble, which is part of a music robot that raises up slowly) It's time to knock you off the charts. (It's arms come out as well as spikes with a giant microphone in the clenched hand as people scream and run out) With this! My indestructible music mech!
Bubbles: Did she plan that?
(Morbucks laughs as she puts her own small version of the microphone down as a lever and pulls it to her)
Morbucks: I think it's time to drop the mic! (Holds out the giant microphone that turned into spikes, which tries to drop the top of the microphone on the Girls, who dodges it which hits the ground instead as Morbucks laughs) Hey, would a villain do this? (stands her microphone up as the mech jumps as the spikey microphone spins which hits the Girls on the ground causing a crater) (The microphone spins again) Or this? (The crowd who were sitting in the stands run away as the microphone hits it) Take that, Townsville! You miserable losers! And this! (Hits one side of the Townsville Matta Dome) And this! (Hits another side of the Dome) And this! (Destroys more of this place) And this! (Hits the screen which has the Girls in their previous outfits during the song as she laughs pulling the top back and makes the mech jump)
Blossom: Girls, let's give Morbucks a hot mic! (Buttercup's, Blossom's, and Bubbles' eyes heat up with laser vision and shoots it on the mech's hand holding the mic explode)
Morbucks: Ugh! That's it! (Grabs the mic) I'm going to end you! (The mic leans forward which shoots a blue beam from the top boombox hole which traps the Girls in its beam blowing them away which creates a hole in the stadium)
Blossom: We have to stop her before she destroys the whole city.
Morbucks: Now for the encore. (grabs the staff of the mic which cranks it all the way to 11 powering up the 2 boombox holes shooting blue beams at them)
Blossom: Girls, Plan Crescendo! (She flies up and turns into a pink megaphone and Bubbles flies up as well and turns into a blue cat)
Bubbles: (Meows as pink beams comes out of the megaphone as all 3 of them and Morbucks fight back at each other as Morbucks and Blossom both growl at each other with clenched teeth)
Blossom: Come on, Bubbles. Show her how much you love cats.
Bubbles: I'm trying! (Meows)
Buttercup: What's the matter, Bubbs? Cat got your tongue? Hi-yah! (Pulls the tail and a blue beam of a cat meows madly as it goes straight into Morbucks and her mech)
Morbucks: (Growls) NOOOOOOO! (hits the ground destroying the mech, climbing out as the Girls fly towards her)
Blossom: You're a villain and you'll always be a villain!
Buttercup: And we'll always beat you!
Bubbles: And have a nice day!
(The Powerpuff Girls fly away)
Morbucks: But I don't want to be a villain.
Debbie: (Off-screen) But you're the best one there is.
Morbucks: Huh?
Debbie: (Walks up to her) Yeah. I never seen someone so bad.
Morbucks: You... You haven't?
Debbie: I want to be just like you. Not like those Powerpuff Girls. You're my hero.
Morbucks: Well, good enough for me, random girl.
Debbie: My name's Debbie.
Morbucks: Doesn't matter. I won't remember it.
Debbie: Okay.
Morbucks: (As she and Debbie walk into the sunset) Now let me tell you everything there is to know about being the best villain out there.
(Episode ends)